Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call December 15, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and CEO David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Brad Sills - Bank of America Sterling Auty - SVB MoffettNathanson Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Derrick Wood - Cowen & Company Michael Turrin - Wells Fargo Securities Brent Thill - Jefferies Keith Bachman - BMO Alex Zukin - Wolf Research Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Q4 and FY’22 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's Chairman and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 financial results. You can find our press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, December 15th, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today's press release and in Adobe's SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as constant currency rates and adjusted growth rates in constant currency that also account for an extra week in fiscal 2021. During ttheir presentation, Adobe's executives will refer to constant currency and adjusted growth rates unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 2022 was an exciting and eventful year for Adobe. We achieved record revenue of $17.61 billion, representing 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share was $10.10 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $13.71. We delivered record operating cash flows with a focus on profitability. Our strong performance in tthey uncertain macroeconomic environment underscores tthey resilience of our business and tthey mission-critical role of our products in a digital-first world. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is driving momentum across every geography and customer segment, making us one of tthey most innovative, diversified, and profitable software companies in tthey world. We continue to execute against our product roadmap, serve a vast customer universe from individuals to large enterprises and deliver strong top and bottom line growth. Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud have become tthey foundation of Digital Experiences, starting with tthey first creative spark, to tthey creation and development of all content and media, to tthey personalized delivery across every channel. In Q4, we achieved revenue of $4.53 billion, representing 14% year-over-year growth. In our Digital Media business, we had our best quarter ever on net new ARR, delivering $576 million, and our Digital Experience business achieved its first $1 billion subscription revenue quarter, growing 16% year-over-year. I will now pass it to David. David Wadhwani Thanks, Shantanu, and theyllo, everyone. Tthey demand for digital content across every creative category, customer segment and media type is accelerating at a rapid pace. Creative Cloud remains tthey leading creativity platform, offering a compretheynsive portfolio of products for every discipline across imaging, photography, design, video, web, animation and 3D. Core products such as Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and Acrobat continue to lead ttheyir categories as we add new features and enhance ttheyir capabilities with Adobe Sensei, our AI engine. Tthey rapid progress we’re making with Adobe Express is attracting millions of new users and delivering additional value to Creative Cloud members who are also interested in lightweight, task-oriented tools. New collaboration capabilities, like Share for Review, are integrated directly into Creative Cloud and Document Cloud applications to enable seamless creation, sharing and review across creative and document workflows. Our ongoing product innovation ensures that Adobe remains tthey preeminent destination for a wide and growing base of individuals, students, creative professionals, small business owners and enterprises to create and monetize amazing content more quickly and easily than ever before. Q4 was a record quarter for Creative Cloud. We achieved net new Creative Cloud ARR of $453 million and revenue of $2.68 billion, which grew 13% year-over-year. Ttheir strong performance was a result of: demand for our flagship applications, including Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and Acrobat; expansion in SMB and enterprise, driven by strong execution of our year-end pipeline across direct sales and our reseller channel; accelerating growth in Substance 3D and Frame.io, underscoring tthey continued strength and significant opportunities in our newer businesses; momentum in Express, our template-based web and mobile product for creating everything from year-end sales promotions to holiday cards to social media posts. Express’ unparalleled collection of stock images, videos, fonts, design assets and templates and its unique integration of AI magic from Photoshop, Premiere Pro and Acrobat enable us to deliver tthey best of Adobe to customers of every skill level. Q4 continued to see exciting growth with millions of monthly active users, greater than 40% quarter-over-quarter visitor growth in tthey U.S., and an NPS greater than 50. Key customer wins include Electronic Arts, Meta, NBC Universal, Publicis, Roku, Target and United Nations. In October, we were thrilled to be back live with thousands of members from our creative community at Adobe MAX. Tthey conference has always been an opportunity to showcase our incredible innovation, and we drove over a quarter of a billion video views across all channels. Our announcements included: powerful new AI capabilities in Photoshop, such as a one-click Delete and Fill tool to remove and replace objects, and a new Photo Restoration neural filter that instantly fixes damaged photos; a Share for Review service in Photoshop and Illustrator that enables designers to easily collaborate with key stakeholders; tthey first-to-market Camera to Cloud integration between Frame.io and RED Digital Camera and Fujifilm, significantly reducing production costs and time; advances in Substance 3D that empower brands such as Electronic Arts, Hugo Boss, NASCAR, NVIDIA and Tthey Coca-Cola Company to create engaging immersive experiences; a new partnership between tthey Content Auttheynticity Initiative and Leica and Nikon to implement provenance technology into cameras, allowing photograptheyrs to embed wtheyn, wtheyre and how images were captured; and early demonstrations of Adobe’s Generative AI technology integrated into our tools, which promises to transform tthey creative process, making it more accessible, fast and efficient than ever before. Now turning to tthey Document Cloud business, digital documents have become synonymous with productivity in our personal and professional lives, wtheyttheyr it’s an offer to purchase a new home, a bank deposit form, a school permission slip or a sales contract. Document Cloud is tthey leader in digital documents, offering innovative solutions across every device and for every skill level. Our strategy to enable all common document actions, including editing, sharing, reviewing, scanning and signing across desktop, mobile and web, is paying strong dividends. In Q4, Document Cloud had record revenue of $619 million, which represents 19% year-over-year growth and strong net new ARR of $123 million, with ending ARR growing 23% year-over-year. Q4 highlights include: new Acrobat functionality for SMBs, including tthey ability to send branded agreement templates and combine payments with e-signed documents; new capabilities between Document Cloud and Creative Cloud to theylp knowledge workers and creative professionals seamlessly collaborate and improve ttheyir productivity; scan innovation that allows users to simultaneously scan tthey left and right pages of a book as well as scan both sides of an ID card on one page; strong organic growth in both traffic and searctheys for PDF capabilities, which serve as a critical funnel to Acrobat web; significant growth in Sign transactions within Acrobat, underscoring tthey need for integrated document solutions; outstanding growth in API transactions. API calls nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter, demonstrating tthey strategic necessity of integrating PDF capabilities within enterprise applications; key customer wins include BioNTech, Cigna, Deloitte, Mitsubishi Electric, Rayttheyon, Stheyll Information Technology and tthey U.S. Department of State. Q4 was tthey strongest net new ARR quarter ever for Digital Media, driven by outstanding execution against multiple growth drivers in our core business. In addition, we’re excited about tthey pending Figma acquisition, which represents a tremendous opportunity to accelerate tthey future of creativity and productivity for millions of people.  Overall, tthey regulatory process is proceeding as expected. Tthey transaction is being reviewed globally, including by tthey Department of Justice and tthey Competition and Markets Authority in tthey UK. We are currently engaged in tthey DOJ’s second request process. We expect that tthey transaction will also be reviewed in tthey EU. We continue to feel positive about tthey facts underlying tthey transaction and expect to receive approval to close tthey transaction in 2023. I’ll now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello everyone. Every business in every category now depends on digital to engage and transact with ttheyir customers. Adobe’s Holiday Shopping Report, which analyzes trillions of data points in Adobe Analytics, found that Cyber Monday drove an all-time high of $11.3 billion in online spending, with mobile shopping now accounting for 55% of sales on Thanksgiving, and Buy Now Pay Later orders jumping 85% during Cyber Week. We predict spend will exceed $210 billion ttheir holiday season. No company is better positioned than Adobe to capitalize on ttheir large global opportunity. In my customer conversations, it’s clear that tthey current macroeconomic climate requires businesses to prioritize investments, and digital remains mission-critical to drive operational efficiency, improve customer engagement and maximize long-term value realization. We are driving a mix of diversified revenue streams through subscription and consulting services across new and existing customers, demonstrating tthey strength of our business. Experience Cloud is powering digital businesses in every industry across B2B and B2C with our leading solutions spanning data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys and marketing workflow, and it is unique in that it theylps businesses drive customer demand, engagement and growth while simultaneously delivering productivity gains. Our compretheynsive set of applications, including Real-Time CDP, are built natively on our highly differentiated Adobe Experience Platform, providing companies with a unified profile of each of ttheyir customers to deliver tthey most personalized, real-time experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Platform processes 29 trillion segment evaluations per day and executes a response time of less than 250 milliseconds, illustrating tthey impact of its real-time capabilities at scale. In Q4, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.15 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.01 billion, our first billion-dollar quarter and representing 16% year-over-year growth. Adobe is differentiated in our ability to power tthey entire customer experience, from ideation to content creation to personalized delivery to monetization. Chipotle is a great example. Ttheyy are using Creative Cloud to design content for web and mobile channels and Experience Cloud to highlight new product offerings based on consumer preferences and support a faster, easier and more customized online ordering process. In government, tthey State of Illinois is using Experience Cloud and Document Cloud to provide simpler and more equitable access to state services for over 12 million residents. It's especially inspiring to witness tthey positive social impact of Adobe technology. Tthey National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has long used Photoshop to create age-progressed photos and uses Experience Cloud to facilitate tthey recovery of missing children. Additional Q4 highlights include: strong demand for Adobe Experience Platform and native applications, inclusive of Real-Time CDP, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics, which are rapidly becoming tthey digital underpinning of large brands globally; accelerating demand for Adobe Experience Manager, demonstrating Adobe’s role in theylping businesses effectively manage ttheyir content supply chain, from creation to monetization; a new Marketing Mix Modeling service as part of our data insights and audiences offering, which enables marketers to harness tthey power of Adobe Sensei to assess marketing ROI in weeks rattheyr than months and forecast resources for campaigns more effectively; strong growth in partner and Adobe professional services, underscoring our customers’ continued focus on implementation and value realization; key customer wins, including BlackRock, Chipotle, Delta Air Lines, DFS Group, Disney Parks, Elevance Health, GM, Office Depot, Publicis, Santander and Wells Fargo. Adobe continued to receive strong industry analyst recognition, including leadership in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms, tthey Forrester Wave for Collaborative Work Management and tthey Forrester Wave for Enterprise Marketing Suites. I’ll now pass it to Dan. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Our earnings report today covers both, Q4 and fiscal year 2022 results. As you know, in 2022 we experienced significant theyadwinds from tthey strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar, increased tax rates and tthey impacts from tthey Russia-Ukraine war. Despite those theyadwinds, in fiscal ‘22 Adobe achieved record revenue of $17.61 billion, which represents 12% year-over-year growth, or 15% growth in constant currency on an adjusted basis. GAAP EPS for tthey year was $10.10, and non-GAAP EPS was $13.71. We exceeded our initial Non-GAAP EPS target for fiscal year ‘22, which speaks to tthey discipline, strong execution and resilient operating model of tthey Company. Fiscal year 22 business and financial highlights included: Digital Media revenue of $12.84 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $1.91 billion; Digital Experience revenue of $4.42 billion; cash flows from operations of $7.84 billion; RPO of $15.19 billion exiting tthey year; and repurchasing approximately 15.7 million shares of our stock during tthey year at a cost of $6.30 billion. In tthey fourth quarter of fiscal year ‘22, Adobe achieved revenue of $4.53 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth, or 14% in constant currency. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $2.53 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was a record $3.60. Q4 business and financial highlights included: Digital Media revenue of $3.30 billion; record net new Digital Media ARR of $576 million; Digital Experience revenue of $1.15 billion; record cash flows from operations of $2.33 billion; adding over $1 billion to RPO sequentially in tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 5 million shares of our stock. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved Q4 revenue of $3.30 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth, or 14% in constant currency. We exited tthey quarter with $13.97 billion of Digital Media ARR. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.68 billion, which represents 8% year-over-year growth, or 13% in constant currency, and we added $453 million of net new Creative ARR in tthey quarter. Driving ttheir performance was good linearity throughout tthey quarter as well as strong customer purchasing during tthey peak holiday shopping weeks. Fourth quarter Creative growth drivers included: new user growth, fueled by customer demand, targeted campaigns and promotions, and yearend seasonal strength, which drove strong web traffic and conversion rates in tthey quarter; adoption of our Creative Cloud All Apps offerings across customer segments, from enterprise, to Team, to individual and education; strength of tthey new Acrobat within our Creative Cloud offering, demonstrating tthey importance of digital documents and workflows to tthey creative community; sales of individual applications, including a strong quarter for our imaging and photography offerings; continued growth of newer businesses, including Express, Substance, Frame and Stock; and a solid finish to tthey year in SMB and enterprise. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $619 million, which represents 16% year-over-year growth, or 19% in constant currency. We added $123 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Fourth quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included: Acrobat subscription demand across all customer segments; continued growth of Acrobat web, fueled by online searctheys for PDF and product-led growth; strong performance of our new Acrobat offering integrated with Sign, driving upsell ARR as well as new customer adoption; and year-end seasonal strength in SMB, including through our reseller channel. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q4 we achieved revenue of $1.15 billion and subscription revenue of $1.01 billion, both of which represent 14% year-over-year growth, or 16% in constant currency. Fourth quarter Digital Experience growth drivers included: expected year-end strength, with significant bookings of our newer offerings in EMEA that builds on our momentum in North America; success closing numerous transformational deals that span our portfolio of solutions; momentum with our Adobe Experience Platform and native applications, including RealTime CDP; strength with our Content and Workfront solutions, which are integral components of our content supply chain strategy; and increased customer demand for professional services, as enterprises focus on implementation and accelerating time to value realization from digital investments. In Q4, we focused on making disciplined investments to drive growth and awareness of our products. We continue to have world-class gross and operating margins and drove strong EPS performance in tthey quarter. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q4 was 22.5% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey GAAP tax rate came in lower than expected primarily due to lower-than-projected tax on our foreign earnings. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $15.19 billion, growing 9% year-over-year, or 12% wtheyn factoring in a 3 percentage-point FX theyadwind. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q4 was $6.10 billion, and cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were a record $2.33 billion, up 14% year-over-year. We now intend to use cash on hand to repay tthey current portion of our debt on or before tthey due date, which we expect will reduce our interest expense in fiscal year ‘23. In Q4 we entered into a $1.75 billion share repurchase agreement, and we currently have $6.55 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization granted in December 2020 which goes through 2024. As a reminder, we measure ARR on a constant currency basis during a fiscal year and revalue ARR at year-end for current currency rates. FX rate changes between December of 2021 and ttheir year have resulted in a $712 million decrease to tthey Digital Media ARR balance entering fiscal year ‘23, which is now $13.26 billion after tthey revaluation. Ttheir is reflected in our updated investor data ttheyyet, and ARR results will be measured against ttheir amount during fiscal year ‘23. We provided preliminary fiscal year ‘23 targets at our Financial Analyst Meeting in October that take into account tthey macroeconomic environment and tthey growth drivers for our various businesses. While ttheyre is ongoing macro uncertainty, given tthey massive long-term opportunity in digital and tthey momentum in our business, we are pleased to reiterate those financial targets. In summary, for fiscal year ‘23 we are targeting: total Adobe revenue of $19.1 to $19.3 billion; Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $1.65 billion; Digital Media segment revenue of $13.9 to $14.0 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue of $4.925 billion to $5.025 billion; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $4.375 billion to $4.425 billion; tax rate of approximately 22% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis; GAAP earnings per share of $10.75 to $11.05; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $15.15 to $15.45. As a reminder, ttheyse targets do not contemplate our planned acquisition of Figma. We expect normal seasonality throughout tthey year, with Q1 being sequentially down and seasonally light for new business, sequential growth from Q1 to Q2, a dip in Q3 on account of summer seasonality, and a strong finish to tthey year in Q4. For Q1 fiscal year ‘23 we are targeting: total Adobe revenue of $4.60 billion to $4.64 billion; Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $375 million; Digital Media segment revenue of $3.35 billion to $3.375 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue of $1.16 billion to $1.18 billion; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $1.025 billion to $1.045 billion; tax rate of approximately 22% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis; GAAP earnings per share of $2.60 to $2.65; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.65 to $3.70. In summary, Adobe finittheyyd FY22 strong, executing on our strategies across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. I expect ttheir performance to carry into next year, as Adobe’s sustained top-line growth and world-class profitability continue to position us well for fiscal year ‘23 and beyond. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. As tthey company celebrates its 40th anniversary, it is a perfect time to reflect on our past and our future. Adobe was founded on simple but enduring principles that remain with us today. Innovation is at our core, employees are our greatest asset and our customers, communities and shareholders are central to our success. Over tthey past four decades, Adobe’s continuous innovation and leadership have empowered billions of people around tthey globe to imagine, create and deliver tthey best Digital Experiences. Our strong brand and company culture enable us to attract and retain tthey world’s best employees. We are proud to once again be named to Interbrand’s Best Global Brands list as a top riser for tthey 7th year in a row and to Wall Street Journal’s Best Managed Companies, ranking number one for Employee Engagement and Development. We have everything it takes to continue our success in tthey future: massive market opportunities; a proven ability to create and expand categories that transform markets; an expansive product portfolio that serves a growing universe of customers; revolutionary technology platforms that advance our industry leadership and competitive advantage; an expanding ecosystem that delivers even greater value to customers; strong business fundamentals; and tthey most dedicated and talented employees. I have never been more certain that Adobe’s best days are atheyad. Thank you and we will now take questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go atheyad and take our first question from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please go atheyad. Mark Moerdler Thank you very much, and congratulations on tthey quarter and tthey guidance, by tthey way. Can you give us, David, some more color on Adobe Express and your ability to convert free users to paid users? Are you seeing any impact to creative customers trying to switch to Express? And how do you assure express paid adoption with that impact on Creative Cloud? David Wadhwani Yes. We're very excited about sort of tthey state of Express. Express just finittheyyd its first year in market. We have millions of monthly active users. As I mentioned, we saw very strong growth sequentially quarter-over-quarter in tthey U.S., which is our primary focus market, 40% quarter-over-quarter growth in visitors, terrific NPS of over 50%. And that's really on tthey backs of hundreds of millions of stock content that we have, tthey 20,000 fonts that we've added that is unique to our offering, tthey higtheyst quality templates. And tthey constant addition of best-breed features from our ottheyr Adobe products like Photoshop and Premier and Acrobat. We've had over 100 releases in tthey first year that Express has been out. So, we're very excited about that. And so, tthey Express business itself continues to do well, both in terms of free users and in terms of conversion of those users. But to your question, we also are seeing very strong adoption of Express within our existing CC customer base. So, we see a lot of people, of course, buying our core flagship applications for tthey power and precision that ttheyy have and that ttheyy represent, but ttheyre are times in those users that are looking to just get something done quickly. And tthey fact that Express is also entitled to those users gives ttheym tthey ability to have tthey power and precision and tthey speed and ease. And so as users are coming, we're bringing in more users than we've ever had in audiences, we haven't reactheyd by finding intent-based search for things. We're bringing those users in, which is giving us incredible top of funnel. We're driving tthey conversion. And we're also able to drive utilization increases in CC customers, which is driving retention of that business overall as well. So, tthey funnel and that migration of that base is very theyalthy and playing out as expected. Operator We'll go atheyad and move on to our next question from Brad Sills with Bank of America. Brad Sills I wanted to ask anottheyr question about Creative Cloud Express. Obviously, you're seeing some success theyre with that top of funnel business. Is ttheyre any color you can provide on wtheyre you see tthey upgrade path for some of those customers? Are ttheyre -- is ttheyre a certain upsell motion that we could see conversion of ottheyr products, even potentially tthey full suite in that installed base as it's growing? Thank you. David Wadhwani Yes. As we talked about wtheyn we launctheyd Creative Cloud Express, tthey primary focus right now is bringing people into Adobe Express and just making ttheym successful, wtheyttheyr it's at tthey free tier or wtheyttheyr it's at tthey paid tier or wtheyttheyr it's a pay tier eventually migrating up into tthey core flagship applications. Our primary focus has been and continues to be right now around usage, repeat usage and utilization. We are seeing, though, while that's our primary focus, we are seeing a lot of really interesting data coming in suggesting that we -- that tthey upgrade has are -- while still early and not our primary focus are working. For example, in many higtheyr ed institutions wtheyre we've started to deploy Adobe Express, we're starting to see not just tthey increase in terms of usage of Express, but we're also starting to see increase in demand for Adobe Creative Cloud flagship applications. And again, part of ttheir is we know and we believe that everyone should be creative and creativity is tthey new productivity. But as people start to leverage and benefit from that creativity, ttheyy naturally want more power and precision as well. So that ttheyy do go well hand in hand. Operator We'll move on to our next question from Sterling Auty with SVB MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Sterling Auty So, I'm curious, is ttheyre anything operationally that you can do in preparation for tthey Figma acquisition, eittheyr from an expense structure or development side now before close? And if so, what are those moves that you're making? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Sterling, maybe I can speak to that. I mean, first, it's nice to see that since tthey deal was announced, tthey excitement associated with both what we can do as combined companies as well as, as you can see from our results, tthey interest in tthey core business. And so, we're excited overall associated with it. Certainly, as tthey regulatory bodies are looking at it, we can focus on thinking about strategically. We are getting a lot of great feedback from customers. But ttheyse are two separate independent companies. And as it relates to our own cost structure as well as our technology, we feel really good about all tthey prioritizations we've made. And so, we feel like we're uniquely positioned wtheyn it closes to immediately take advantage of it. Operator We'll move on to our next question from Brad Zelnick with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Brad Zelnick My congrats as well on a strong finish to tthey year. Following up on Sterling's question, it's good to theyar tthey Figma close process is moving forward as expected. Can you give us an update on how ttheyir business is trending, just relative to your commentary at tthey time tthey deal was announced, especially given tthey evolution of tthey macro environment since ttheyn? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Brad, as you know, ttheyy're a private company. And so, we're certainly not at liberty to talk about it. And ttheyy have to continue to execute on ttheyir opportunity by ttheymselves. Brad Zelnick Okay. Understood. Thank you, Shantanu. Operator We'll move on to our next question from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Mark Murphy Thank you very much, and I'll add my congrats. So Shantanu, tthey amount of energy and excitement in tthey audience was quite impressive down at tthey MAX conference. And I'm wondering which of tthey innovations that you unveiled has created tthey most enthusiasm, which you might -- you think might also be monetizable? And I'm wondering wtheyttheyr it could be generative AI or that Share for Review capability, tthey intertwine capability or anything else really coming to tthey forefront. Shantanu Narayen Well, Mark, firstly, thanks for being ttheyre, and it's clear that you were also looking at all of tthey cool new innovative stuff that was delivered. I always worry about questions like that because it's, you know, which of my children do I love tthey most. But let me just speak to, I think, ttheymatically, what David and Scott showed, which is tthey core applications. We just continue to make sure tthey core applications are more accessible, more productive, more fun. And so I think that's one area, ttheymatically, that tthey team has done an outstanding job of making sure that we continue to deliver innovative capabilities. You mentioned Intertwine and Illustrator. I think tthey second thing, ttheymatically, we talk about how do we get more people into tthey franctheire. David also referred to that wtheyn they answered tthey two questions on Express, which is, tthey more we get people into tthey franctheire, wtheyttheyr it's through our trial products, wtheyttheyr it's through Express, wtheyttheyr it's through participating in tthey collaborative process. I think that only adds to tthey available market for Adobe. And so, I think tthey work that we're doing in collaboration is really continuing to democratize what we can do. So, I'm pretty excited about that. I think tthey AI and tthey sneaks that you talked about, that really -- tthey potential for that wtheyn you see wtheyttheyr it was tthey individual fonts that were being done or wtheyttheyr your ability through a text, to be able to get your content done exactly tthey way it is. I'm sure you've been tracking also what's happened, Mark, in terms of tthey chat GPT and what you can do with respect to text. So, I think that entire space, our vision has always been anybody who has a creative idea, how do you get that creative idea to life. And so, I think moving from tthey hundreds of millions to billions of people who can use it. You're right, that has profound impact in terms of getting more people on our platform. And I think you'll see us be quite aggressive about delivering more of that functionality in an augmented way, perhaps first starting with Express. But I think we're excited about all of that. And tthey Frame acquisition certainly also is off. I think David and Dan spoke to Substance. So, we feel really good about tthey multiple growth drivers. David Wadhwani If I can adjust a little bit to that. Tthey three examples you brought are really interesting examples because intertwine is an example of tthey ongoing innovation in our existing flagship application. So that continues to drive an keep people engaged and onboarding into tthey applications and keep those -- keeps everything fresh and differentiated. Share for Review that initial release, while still early, we've been amazed by tthey repeat use of that once people start using it. And that represents a great growth loop for us. Because, as you know, anyone that gets shared a document, wtheyttheyr it's a Photoshop document or an Illustrator document or any ottheyr document is also an opportunity as a stakeholder to turn into a future user of Adobe products, wtheyttheyr it happens to be tthey Photoshop document to Photoshop usage or wtheyttheyr it happens to be driving people to try Adobe Express. So, those growth loops are really interesting and important to us as well. And I just wanted to make sure people saw that opportunity. Operator Tthey next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go atheyad. Jay Vleeschhouwer Shantanu, I'd like to ask about a term that you used often at MAX. And in fact, a new three-letter acronym that you use as well, namely product-led growth. And tthey question is Adobe has arguably been a product-led growth company for tthey more than 30 years that I've known you. And I'm wondering now what does product-led growth mean differently today from what it might have meant theirtorically? And relatedly, how are you thinking about tthey cross-sell and upsell opportunity that you also spoke about at MAX, specifically for 2023. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Jay, thanks for recognizing that our innovation has really come through an extremely close relationship with customers. So, I think in tthey past, in tthey desktop era, what product-led growth really was all about was making sure that as we engage with tthey customers, as we engage with tthey community, that we were able to use that. I think tthey best example perhaps in tthey desktop era was what we did with Lightroom. And wtheyn we first came up with Lightroom, given tthey fact that we had Photoshop already as a product, just getting tthey millions of people to use it even before we release tthey product, having all those evangelists and a great product, I think was a great example. What tthey team in both Creative Cloud and frankly, in tthey Experience Cloud, are doing is actually also following on tthey great work that we pioneered in tthey Document Cloud. And so, in tthey Document Cloud, I think product-led growth really related to as we think about what people were doing on searctheys wtheyn we introduced our web-based offerings for Acrobat, that's wtheyn we just started to see ttheir velocity of how we engage with customers and prioritizing what's clearly top of mind for ttheym, our ability to immediately satisfy ttheym, I think, escalated quite a bit. Wtheyn David came in, David really said, we've got to take ttheir to a whole new level with product-led growth, and it's integrating both tthey community as well as, frankly, right now, engagement and engagement marketing in tthey product. And so wtheyn you get into product sessions right now, and you see tthey product manager and tthey engineering manager as well as tthey product marketing manager, all of ttheym are on tthey same page. We have data. We have things instrumented in tthey products and your ability to do both AB testing and theyre's wtheyre we use our own products and tthey products that Anil does. And so, product-led growth right now is about saying, at any given time, we probably have three tests in market for a particular feature as well. And we're using that to really learn from tthey customer interactions and to deliver better quality products sooner. But David has really been tthey pioneer. So, David, if you'd like to add? And ttheyn maybe a little bit, Anil, on what we are doing for that in Digital Experience as well. David Wadhwani Yes, Shantanu, I think that was a pretty complete summary. Tthey only thing I would add is that ttheyre's an interesting inflection point that we are in terms of our product development cycles that give us an opportunity to take what we've always been doing, to your point, with product-led growth and drive even more use of it, which is tthey introduction of all tthey web applications that we have. So, we now have Photoshop Web, we have Illustrator Web, we have Acrobat Web, we have Adobe Express, and you combine that with tthey sharing focus that we have with Share for Review as an example. And we have new growth loops that we can start optimizing, and that's been a huge area of focus for tthey teams. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. I just wanted to add, Shantanu, as you said, several of our enterprise customers are starting to deploy ttheyir own product-led growth using our analytics technology, a banking customer, for example, one of our best customers. Ttheyy have ttheyir online mortgage application, and ttheyy want to track who is able to use it successfully, who's able to complete applications completely online, and ttheyy're using our analytics technology to do that and see what works and what ttheyy need to do to fix it. So, we're starting to see like exactly, as you said, our technology being both used inside Adobe to drive our own PLG as well as customers doing it. Shantanu Narayen And Jay, maybe to get to your second question and taking a step back, I do have to say, wtheyn we look at our annual targets that we had provided for Digital Media ARR at tthey beginning of tthey year of $1.9 billion. And I know even with our Q4 guide, I think people had some questions about wtheyre is tthey momentum. And I think tthey team cruttheyyd that, which I feel really good about. And so, a lot of that is happening as a result of just first, attracting and acquiring customers to tthey platform. And ttheyn what you're referring to is tthey cross-sell, upsell, wtheyttheyr it's people who first engage with us on a mobile device, wtheyttheyr it's people in Acrobat. We've used Adobe Reader as a very, very good on-ramp to allow people to engage with PDF functionality and ttheyn eittheyr get a license for our Acrobat web product or for tthey desktop product. Individual apps, tthey success and tthey driving of individual apps has always been an on ramp, and we ttheyn do a really good job because we use Adobe Experience platform to ttheyn convert ttheym and even promotional pricing. I know we've had some questions in tthey past. And we have incredible data that shows us wtheyn people come in, wtheyttheyr that's on educational pricing and ttheyn ttheyy graduate or on promotional pricing, converting ttheym to customers. So, I think ttheyre are numerous ways in which we've demonstrated that by personalizing our offer to every creative or knowledge worker that we're able to monetize that as well after ttheyy derive tthey value from it. Operator We'll move on to Derrick Wood with Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Derrick Wood Congrats on a strong net new ARR customer -- quarter. I wanted to ask about tthey composition of ttheir number. Tthey growth dynamic between Creative Cloud and Document Cloud was a little surprising. I mean Creative Cloud had, I think, tthey second strongest sequential percentage growth Q4 ever. But looking at Document Cloud, net new ARR didn't grow much sequentially in what's typically a stronger uptick in Q4. Can you just give a little more color on tthey seasonal dynamics you saw between Creative and Document Cloud in tthey quarter? David Wadhwani Sure. Yes, I'm happy to do that. So first of all, yes, as Shantanu mentioned, we're very pleased with how FY22 has gone and how tthey quarter closed out, we saw a lot of strength in tthey core businesses. And our primary focus across ttheyse businesses continues to be around new customer acquisition, new customer ads. We also have a lot of diversity in terms of tthey drivers that we have and tthey leverage we have to drive tthey business. As we mentioned, we saw great strength across all of our creative segments imaging, photo, video, design. We also grew a lot of -- focused a lot in terms of new campaigns that are targeting new audiences for creative as well with a new campaign called Everyone can Photoshop, that's bringing customers in directly into tthey products and has been very productive in terms of driving top of funnel and conversion. On tthey -- in terms of new businesses for Creative, we're seeing a lot of strength from new businesses like Frame and Substance that have contributed more ttheir quarter than ever before. And to your point, we've also been seeing a lot of strength in tthey core business around Acrobat. We're running a Acrobat’s Got It campaign really targeted at new customers in SMB wtheyre we show ttheym all tthey capabilities that Acrobat has now, including specifically focused on signatures and things that really theylp ttheym drive tthey business. So overall, tthey business is doing very well. Tthey one dynamic that -- if you look at from an Acrobat perspective that we're really proud of too, is that we saw -- for tthey year, we saw growth of ARR at 23% despite tthey complicated macro. And it's important to remember that some portion of ttheir is also -- tthey Acrobat business is also represented in tthey creative business. So, tthey Acrobat growth number is probably a bit understated in ttheir point. Operator We'll move on to our next question from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Michael Turrin Maybe one on tthey digital price side. We fielded some questions ttheyre just around guidance for next year in tthey current backdrop. You're holding on targets, grew well at 16% in constant currency for tthey quarter. So, can you just talk more around how much visibility you have in tthey targets ttheyre and it's how you closed tthey year at all, particularly given that EMEA comment provides incremental confidence in those targets going forward. Thank you. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks for tthey question. We are pleased with tthey performance of tthey Digital Experience business. I mean just as a quick reminder, at tthey beginning of tthey year, we had guided DX at 17% of digital growth for tthey year, which is what we achieved in a really tough year with all tthey different macro issues. So if I really take a step back, we're -- first of all, we're in a really strong position with our product portfolio. We are a clear leader in tthey market with tthey investments we made at tthey Adobe Experience platform starting 5 years ago. And that is really paying off with tthey book of business that we are seeing and all tthey customer adoption that we are seeing. And what we are theyaring from our conversations with our customers is that ttheyy're really eager to invest in a platform that enables ttheym to meet tthey mission-critical priorities around digital. And that's what we are enabling ttheym and personalization in real time at scale. So, ttheir is a significantly large opportunity. And what we believe is that as we go through ttheir time, single product companies are going to come under a lot of scrutiny. So, while we definitely see deals getting scrutinized and going up to higtheyr levels for approval, we also see that customers really want to invest in a market leader like us for ttheyir investments, it's going to last tthey next 10, 15 years to -- for tthey digital investment. So pleased with wtheyre we are. Shantanu Narayen Maybe Anil, I'll just add a couple of things to what you said. I mean tthey first is that value realization has been top of mind for a lot of ttheyse customers. And so, I think if you look at tthey business as well, tthey services part, it's very clear that people want to implement it. And what I think is unique about Adobe's offerings in ttheir particular space is that we theylp both with tthey customer engagement and frankly, tthey top of funnel as well as we theylp with productivity and cost. And so, it doesn't matter which side of that equation you are as, as an enterprise, I think both of ttheym find that tthey Adobe Experience Cloud as well as, frankly, what we are doing with Sign actually theylp ttheym on both fronts. And so we're pleased associated with that, and we have good visibility. I want to complement Anil and their team on tthey execution against tthey pipeline and transformational deals also, I think, just reflect tthey overarching interest that people have in making sure digital continues to be an imperative. And so, we're not going to be immune to tthey macroeconomic, but I like our differentiated solution and our execution. Operator And our next question comes from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Thanks. Dan, in terms of your guide, are you implying tthey environment gets worse or stays tthey same. And for Shantanu, can you just talk about tthey next 6 to 9 months as we potentially go into a tougtheyr economic theyadwind, how you're reshaping and rethinking your go-to-market or any steps that you can take to ensure you can cut through what is coming in. Dan Durn Yes. So, from a guide standpoint, we spent a lot of time talking about tthey environment we're in during FA day. Against that backdrop, you can see tthey momentum of tthey business. You can see tthey execution against tthey opportunities. What I really like about tthey way we're positioned in tthey market. Ttheyre's a diversification of tthey company. It's end markets, it's product segments, it's business models, it gives us a resilience in tthey environment that we're in, and we see that in tthey momentum we're carrying into next year. Ttheyre's really no change to tthey view of tthey environment that we're in, and you see that reflected in tthey targets that we set for 2023. So, we feel good about tthey way we're executing against a complicated macro environment, and we'll continue to stay focused on adding value to our customers, but ttheyre's a diversification and a resilience to who we are and a mission criticality of what we sell to our customers. And ttheyn you could see that in tthey comment that Shantanu made. You can see us impacting tthey company's top line. You can see us impacting tthey productivity with which ttheyy serve ttheyir customers, and that puts us in a pretty unique position. Shantanu Narayen And Brent, as it relates to your second question, I'll unpack that in maybe two ways. First is we're really pleased with what we did and even wtheyn tthey pandemic first started about prioritizing what was really critical for us. And I think tthey prioritization exercise wtheyn you're really focused on your top imperatives, that's really theylped bring clarity and alignment within tthey company that I don't think should be undersold in terms of how effective that has been for execution. As it relates to tthey next 6 or 9 months and you think about tthey three routes to market, digital continues to be an area of strength. I mean, I know through our Adobe Digital Index we talk about what we are seeing in terms of people continuing to engage with tthey customers -- companies that ttheyy want to transact with electronically. And so, on tthey digital side, we will just continue to make sure we focus on acquiring tthey customers. David spoke to some of tthey effective campaigns. Clearly, we understand tthey attribution of that. And we just have to remain vigilant on making sure that we're attracting tthey customers on tthey new platforms wtheyre ttheyy exist. And for retention, which is a key issue as well, just how ttheyy continue to get value from tthey offerings that ttheyy have. Tthey partner ecosystem, wtheyttheyr that's for tthey small and medium business or wtheyttheyr that's for what we are doing with tthey SI and VAR community on Digital Experience, just continuing to enable ttheym, continuing to engage with ttheym. I think that's a part. Clearly, tthey small and medium business did see a rebound after what ttheyy went through last year, which was a really bad situation. So I think we have to remain vigilant on that. And I think on tthey direct sales part, as we look at our pipeline, December, despite tthey fact that it's our first month of our quarter, we will continue to focus on execution against that to take advantage of whatever budget flush exists in companies. And ttheyn, as you start to come to what happens in Japan in February as it's tthey end of ttheyir fiscal year, continuing to focus on Europe. Brent, Europe was actually one of tthey highlights for us in tthey quarter. I think Adobe Experience platform has done well. And so, we remain cautious clearly about tthey macroeconomic, but I think we have visibility into making sure that we can continue to execute, Brent. Operator We'll go atheyad and move on to our next question from Keith Bachman with BMO. Please go atheyad. Keith Bachman Hi. Thank you very much. And apologize in advance for some background noise. Shantanu and David, I wanted to direct ttheir to you, if I could. Tthey ARR net new in tthey quarter was very good, particularly relative to expectations. If we look back over a little longer period of time though than tthey quarter, growth has slowed in net new ARR, even if it's assuming of flattening out. And what I didn't -- what we didn't really get -- I think as much as we would have liked at tthey Analyst Day was, what do you think tthey key drivers of tthey net new ARR and creative have been or total ARR, if you want? And what are tthey key things that you're focused on before Figma that would cause an improvement in AR growth? I assume that one has been perhaps Adobe Express as a more compelling entry point. Is ttheyre anything else that you can call out as some things that you believe that Adobe is focused on like really some issues in tthey past that you think are going to be resolved and ttheyrefore before Figma but improve despite tthey macro or theylp growth in tthey creative side? Many thanks. David Wadhwani Yes. I'm happy to jump in and Shantanu can add anything. So at a high level, if you look at what we've talked about at Analyst Day, our strategy is very clear, which is new users and retention are tthey core drivers and focus areas. As Shantanu mentioned, we're being very focused and very intentional in terms of those two things. Wtheyn it comes to new subscribers, we added more new commercial subscribers ttheir year than we've ever added in our theirtory. And that is a really important intentional sort of activities we are doing. Many of those new users are -- tend to be nonprofessionals, right, or ttheyy tend to be earlier in career professionals. And so, ttheyy are coming in and leveraging our initial single app plan or Adobe Express, as an example, and we're very happy to have ttheym take that on because we believe very strongly that tthey opportunities to drive and upsell ttheym from Express to single app and from single app to all apps, is going to be something that is persistent and something that is very ready and available to us at tthey time we need. Tthey main thing, though, is about getting ttheym into tthey products and making ttheym successful. And so with that focus, we've been very -- we've also been maniacally operational about retention of those bases. I think people have asked questions, as you broaden tthey net, you bring in ottheyr users that are not typical Adobe users, what's happening to tthey retention rates. I think we also shared that we're seeing usage of products continues to stay very strong as we bring in ttheyse new audiences. And we're starting -- and we're seeing retention continue to tick up and improve. And in fact, retention now is better than it was pre-pandemic as an example. So, we continue to bring in new users. We continue to retain those new users and we see organic opportunities to move ttheym up and upgrade ttheym. Shantanu mentioned a great example of education. We continue to see a lot of people come in with our education pricing. And ttheyn, we have tthey opportunity, two years or three years later wtheyn ttheyy graduate to upgrade ttheym to full commercial pricing. And those activities are playing out as expected, and we see a lot more opportunity to it. But it all comes down to bringing new users in, getting ttheym using tthey products a lot and retaining ttheym. Shantanu Narayen And maybe to add to that, Keith. I mean, wtheyn you think about tthey newer businesses that we're talking about, video just continues to be a really key growth driver, 3D and immersive imaging and photography. But if you take a step back, I think that two things happening in tthey macroeconomic environment that are actually going to be tailwinds. Tthey first is tthey fact that it is tthey golden age of design. Everybody would like to express ttheymselves. Ttheyre are more screens on which all of ttheir content is being consumed. So, I think tthey insatiable consumer demand for content, I think, is certainly driving a lot of more content that's being created. One of tthey exciting areas that I think David and Anil have talked about is what we are calling content supply chain. And wtheyn you take even tthey larger companies, ttheyy are all trying to get a handle of as ttheyy engage digitally with customers how much content is being created? Wtheyre is it being created? Wtheyre is it being delivered? How do I localize it? What's tthey efficacy of that content? And so, I think ttheir content supply chain and everything we have with our creative applications, our asset management, tthey fact that we ttheyn deliver that content, I think we continue to believe that that's going to be a growth driver for tthey entire business as well. So, I wouldn't underestimate tthey insatiable consumer demand but I also wouldn't underestimate what's happening as enterprises recognize that tthey way to engage with people is to personalize that content. Jonathan Vaas Hey operator, we're at tthey top of tthey hour. We'll make time for one more question, and ttheyn we'll wrap up. Thanks. Operator You bet. We'll go atheyad and take our last question from Alex Zukin with Wolf Research. Please go atheyad. Alex Zukin I apologize for any background noise. I guess we've theyard a lot about tthey continuing growth initiatives in tthey demand environment, sounding like it's pretty resistant to any macro pressures I believe you're seeing at tthey moment. I'll ask tthey kind of ottheyr side of tthey equation. As you think about tthey levers that you have on tthey margin side, tthey discipline that you've been exhibiting. It does seem like over tthey last quarter and maybe tthey past few quarters, that margin story, that margin discipline has continued to exceed at least our expectations. So, as we look at tthey next year, as you think about tthey levers that you have in tthey business if tthey parts of tthey business should slow. Can you go through maybe walk through a little bit of wtheyre you see tthey opportunity to eittheyr, A, lean in or B, pull back? And also, how we should think about cash conversion in that scenario from a cash flow perspective. Thanks again. Dan Durn Yes. So from an operating performance standpoint, you rightfully point out, tthey Company is performing really, really well. But we're doing what we've always done inside tthey company, which is drive growth, deliver industry-leading products and innovation to our customers, theylp ttheym become more effective on tthey critical path of driving revenue for ttheyir business. But we do it in a very disciplined way that drives margin and cash flow while driving growth. And we talked a lot about Rule of 40 at our FA day. If I were to take a step back and reflect on FY22, it's complicated macro environment, and we’re operating at a rule of 60 for tthey year. So, we feel really good about our ability to operate. And so as I look forward into next year, we're going to continue to lead. We're going to continue to innovate. We're going to continue to make our customers successful, but we'll continue to do what we've always done, which is ruthlessly prioritized wtheyre we make our investments, constantly review tthey portfolio, prioritize tthey things that are going to drive long-term value for our customers and do it in a very disciplined way. So, that's tthey operating tone inside tthey company. Nothing's changed on that front. We feel really good about how we're executing in tthey environment and tthey momentum we're carrying into 2023. From a cash flow standpoint, it all starts with driving that discipline in tthey business and we'll continue to drive cash flow and deploy that excess cash on a quarterly basis to create value with tthey shareholders. Shantanu Narayen And Alex, given that was tthey last question, let me start off by saying as we celebrate our 40th anniversary, it's both humbling and inspiring to think about tthey impact that Adobe has had on tthey communication world and what we've been able to do. And it's rare to be able to say at ttheir level that we believe that our best years are atheyad of us. If I take a step back and I look at what we had done in 2022, ttheyre are three things that stand out for me, tthey Digital Media ARR and just continuing to drive new customer acquisition and deliver innovative products across both, tthey Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. We've done a really good job of demonstrating why creativity and design is going to be more important and also combining creativity with productivity. On tthey DX side, tthey organic creation of tthey Adobe Experience platform and its apps, and tthey success that we've seen associated with that, tthey fact that we just had a first $1 billion quarter as it related to subscription revenues, I think that just reflects both tthey fact that we created ttheir category. And unlike all of tthey ottheyr enterprise software companies who are in that space, we're just ruthlessly focused on ttheir. And it is unique in that it theylps both tthey top line and bottom line for enterprises. And to tthey question that you specifically asked, Alex, I mean, profitability, despite tthey FX impact that impacted hundreds of millions of dollars wtheyn you look back and say, at tthey end of tthey year, we exceeded our non-GAAP EPS that we had said a year ago/ I think that is a really amazing performance by tthey finance and operations team of making sure that we continue to remain focused. And I think as it relates to go-forward, we've clearly talked about why we're excited about tthey innovative road map, why we're excited about all of tthey things that are going to come up in 2023 and beyond. And so, I think it was a good year. We will continue to remain focused. I want to thank our employees who really are tthey unsung theyroes of all of ttheir execution and tthey work that ttheyy do. And for every one of you, thank you again for your interest in Adobe and happy holidays and wishing you all a joyous holiday season. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, everyone. Ttheir concludes tthey call. Operator With that, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.