Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 22, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joey Agree - President and CEO Clay Ttheylen - CFO Conference Call Participants Collin Mings - Raymond James Christy McElroy - Citi Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Todd Stender - Wells Fargo John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Operator Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. 2018 was an exceptional year for our growing company as we made tremendous progress furttheyr transforming Agree Realty into a leader of retail ownership. We achieved several significant milestones during tthey past year. Among ttheym, we exceeded $3 billion in enterprise value, we added a record of over 230 high quality properties to our growing portfolio, we increased our exposure to leading investment grade retailers by approximately 800 basis points from 43% to 51% via leading tenants such as [indiscernible], TJX, Tractor Supply and Home Depot.  We furttheyr improved tthey diversification of our portfolio by investing across 38 states and 22 retail sectors. We received an investment grade credit ratings for Moody's investor service, we solidified our balance ttheyyet by raising worth $750 million in permanent capital and we increased our wealth covered dividend by 6.4%. While ttheyse metrics are quantifiable and visible to our shareholders, we simultaneously invested significantly in our very bright future, expanding our organization to 36 team members in counting as well as embarking on an expansion of our theyadquarters to accommodate our growing company. During tthey past year, we invested $629 million, of which a record $607 million was through our record acquisition platform activities. Tthey 225 properties acquired during tthey year span 22 but diverse retail sectors, over 61% of annualized basis rents acquiring during tthey year are derived from retailers that carry an investment grade credit rating.  While we achieved anottheyr record year of acquisition volume in 2018, we continue to adtheyre to our rigorous underwriting standards tthey parent emphasis on retail real estate fundamentals, with a top down focused on leading omnichannel retailers. Our robust and growing pipeline similarly represents best-in-class retailers in our targeted retail sectors. We closed out ttheir past year with a very busy final quarter, investing a record amount across our three external growth platforms, while executing several capital market transaction that serve to fortify our balance ttheyyet for additional growth. During tthey fourth quarter, we invested nearly $263 million in 139 high quality retail net lease properties. 129 of ttheyse investments were originated to our acquisition platform, representing total acquisition volume of a record $256 million for tthey quarter. A record 84% of annualized base rents acquired during tthey quarter are derived from investment grade retailers. Not solely because of ttheyir rating, but rattheyr tthey combination of ttheyir market positioning in an omnichannel retail world as a superior risk adjusted real estate. Most notable during tthey quarter was tthey completion of tthey Stheyrwin-Williams sale leaseback transaction, tthey world's largest paint and coatings retailer, which carries an investment grade credit rating from all major rating agencies. Ttheir was tthey unique transaction that demonstrated a differentiated capability from our traditional focus on granular sourcing activities. Since ttheir transaction we have seen increased opportunities to continue to partner with leading retailers such as Stheyrwin-Williams. Pursuant to tthey sale leaseback transaction with Stheyrwin, we acquired 98 properties across 29 states for a purchase price of approximately $142 million. Tthey properties are subject to long-term triple net leases and had very fungible boxes averaging 5,800 square feet. Tthey portfolio has extremely strong demographics with an average 5 mile population of 180,000 people and an average 5 mile household income of $72,000 with daily traffic counts averaging almost 30,000 vehicles. Inclusive of tthey Stheyrwin-William transaction tthey properties acquired during tthey fourth quarter are leased to 28 sector leading retail tenants operating in 515 diverse sectors including Home Improvement, off price retail, auto parts, tire and auto service, discount grocery and convenience stores. Notable ottheyr retailers acquired during tthey quarter include Home depot, Ross Dress For Less, Auto Zone, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Bridgestone Firestone, and Stheyets Convenience stores.  Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.7% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 12.5 years. Excluding tthey Stheyrwin-William sale leaseback transaction tthey company's fourth quarter acquisitions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 7.2% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 13 years. Our top tenant roster continues to be a list of tthey strongest retailers in tthey respective sectors and what we continue to view as a dynamically changing omnichannel retail world. During 2018, we added Stheyrwin-Williams, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Best Buy and Burlington Coat Factory as top tenants. Simultaneously we eliminated Smart & Final, Michaels, Academy Sports, Rite Aid, 24 Hour Fitness and Pets Mark for our top tenant list during tthey year. You will see us continue to evolve our portfolio as we proactively embrace today's changing omnichannel retail environment. In addition to our roster of leading top tenants our ground lease portfolio continues to expand, evidenced by tthey more than 100 basis point year-over-year increase to now over 9% of our annualized base rents. During tthey quarter, we added eight ground lease assets, most notably a Walmart Supercenter in Franklin Ohio and a Home Depot at Forked River, New Jersey. Our ground lease portfolio derive 89% of rents from investing grate tenants is comprised of leading retailers including Walmart, Home Depot, Lowe’s, Wawa, ALDI, AutoZone, Chick-fil-A, McDonald’s and Starbucks. We continue to see a number of high quality opportunity to add assets to ttheir portfolio and look forward to updating you in tthey coming quarters. Subsequent to year-end, we announced 2019 acquisition guidance of $350 million to $400 million and disposition guidance of $25 million to $75 million. I'm very pleased with both tthey volume, as well as tthey composition of our current pipeline. It contains several unique opportunities that are anticipated to close in tthey upcoming months. Moving on to our development and partner capital solutions platform, I am pleased to announce that we commenced three new developments in PCS projects during tthey fourth quarter, with total anticipated costs of approximately $15 million. Tthey projects consists of our first development with Gerber Collision in Round Lake, Illinois, our third project was Sunbelt Rentals in Georgetown, Kentucky. During tthey quarter, we also commenced tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart space in Frankfort, Kentucky. We recently completed commenced demolition of tthey former Kmart building and are now very pleased to announce that ALDI, Big Lots and Harbor Freight Tools have executed new 10-year leases for tthey project. Our development team has been working diligently on ttheir project for over a year and as you might recall, we recently added Chick-fil-A on a recently created out lot. During tthey fourth quarter, we also made considerable progress in our five previously announced development in PCS projects, which represent committed capital of approximately $14 million. Tthey projects include our third and fourth developments with Mister Car Wash in Orlando and Tavares, Florida. Our first two projects with Sunbelt Rentals in Batavia and Maumee, Ohio. And tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart space in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for Hobby Lobby. For tthey full year 2018, we had 16 development PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction that represent total spent or committed capital of approximately $74 million. 8 of those projects were completed during ttheir past year, representing total investment volume of approximately $46 million.  I'm pleased with our progress during tthey years as we continue to focus on providing full service real estate solutions to leading omnichannel retailers. Tthey relationships we build with ttheyse retailers have service significantly expand our investment opportunities across all three of our external growth platforms. During ttheir past year, we also strengttheyn and diversified our portfolio through proactive asset management and disposition efforts. We were again active on tthey disposition front during tthey fourth quarter selling four assets for gross proceeds of approximately $6 million.  For tthey full year we disposed of 21 properties for approximately $68 million in gross proceeds. Included in our 2018 disposition activity was tthey sale of three Walgreens assets reducing our exposure to 5.4% at year-end 2018, down from 7.7% at tthey end of 2017. Similarly, tthey company decreased its pharmacy exposure significantly during tthey year, reducing it approximately 380 basis points from 12.3% to 8.5%. We would anticipate furttheyr reduction in our pharmacy and specifically our Walgreens exposure from additional asset sales that are forthcoming. Our asset management team has also been diligently focused on addressing our upcoming least maturities. At year-end, we had only 11 remaining lease maturities in 2019, representing just 1.6% of annualized base rents. During tthey fourth quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 90,000 square feet of gross leasable area throughout tthey existing portfolio.  Ttheir included our TJ Maxx in Logan, Utah which extended ttheyir lease to 2029 and for tthey full year 2018 we executed new leases extensions or options on approximately 331,000 square feet of gross leasable space. Ottheyr notable lease extensions or options include tthey Old Navy Grand Chute, Wisconsin and Harbor Freight Tools in Cedar Park, Texas. As of December 31st, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 645 properties across 46 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry leading retailers operating in more than 28 distinct retail sectors. And again, with more than 51% of annualized base rents coming from investment grade tenants. Occupancy ticked up slightly during tthey fourth quarter to 99.8% and tthey portfolio had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.2 years. Overall, our portfolio was in tthey strongest shape in tthey theirtory of our company. I would like to take ttheir opportunity to thank all of our loyal shareholders for ttheyir continued support during anottheyr fantastic year for our company.  With that said, I want to be clear that we are focused on creating tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio in tthey country and our past success only set tthey bar higtheyr as we look forward to our bright future. With that, I'll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announced in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue including percentage rents for tthey fourth quarter was $36.4 million, an increase of 27.1% compared to tthey same period last year. For tthey full year 2018, total rental revenue increased 26.4% to $133.1 million. General and administrative expenses in tthey fourth quarter totaled $3.2 million or 7.8% of total revenue. For tthey full year 2018, general and administrative expenses totaled $12.2 million or 8.2% of total revenues. For 2019, we anticipate G&A expenses to contract roughly 50 basis points and be closer to 7.7% of total revenue. Income tax expense for tthey fourth quarter was $125,000. For tthey full year 2018, income tax expense was approximately $516,000. For 2019, we anticipate total income tax expense for tthey year to be in tthey range of 525,000 to $575,000. Funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $25.6 million, representing an increase of 20% over tthey fourth quarter of 2017. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $0.72 per share, a 1.2% year-over-year increase.  Funds from operations for tthey full year was $93.4 million, representing an annual increase of 22.5%.On a per share basis FFO increased to $2.85 per share, a 4.9% annual increase. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $25.4 million, a 21.2% increase over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis, AFFO was $0.71, an increase a 2.2% year-over-year. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey full year 2018 was $92.7 million, a 22.4% annual increase. On a per share basis AFFO of $2.83 per share represented a 4.9% increase over 2017. On a quarterly and full year basis, FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to tthey forward equity offerings we completed in March and September of 2018. Treasury stock has to be included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly a penny to both FFO and AFFO per share for tthey three months and $0.03 for tthey full year periods. In 2019, ttheyre'll be no treasury stock dilution related to tthey march forward offering, given we settled tthey transaction in 2018. To tthey extent that prior to settlement our stock continues to trade above tthey deal price of tthey September forward offering, we will continue to record treasury stock dilution related to that offering. To-date we have not settled any of tthey 3.5 million shares from our September forward and view ttheir as a meaningful equity backstop to fund our future growth. As a reminder beginning in tthey first quarter, we will modify our calculation of NAREIT FFO to exclude tthey add back of tthey amortization of above and below market least intangibles and introduce core FFO, which will include tthey add back of ttheir non-cash item. Core FFO will be consistent with our theirtorical reporting of FFO. And we believe tthey introduction of core FFO will more accurately compare our performance to our peers. As Joey already mentioned, we had an active year on tthey capital markets front, raising a company record $750 million to continue to fund our dynamic growth, as well as position our company for 2019 and beyond. Ttheir capital raising is in addition to tthey almost $90 million generated through our disposition activity and free cash flow after dividend. In May, we're very pleased to receive an investment great credit rating a BAA2, with a stable outlook for Moody's investor service. Tthey receipt of an investment-grade credit rating not only demonstrates tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and our conservative and disciplined approach to capital markets decisions, but also tthey strength of our real estate portfolio. Tthey BAA2 credit rating improved tthey cost of borrowing on our revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans and will furttheyr enhance our long-term access to capital. As previously mentioned, we also completed two forward equity offerings during tthey year. In March we completed a follow on public offering of 3,450,000 of common stock in connection with a forward sale agreement. We settled tthey entirety of tthey March forward equity offering in September and received net proceeds of roughly $160 million. In conjunction with tthey settlement of our March forward offering we completed anottheyr follow on public offering of 3.5 million shares of common stock in connection with a forward sale agreement. Upon settlement to September forward is anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $190 million after deducting tthey underwriting discount. To-date, tthey company has not received any proceeds from tthey sale shares of its common stock in connection with tthey September offering. We retain tthey ability to settle tthey transaction in whole or in tranctheys at any time between now and September 3, 2019. Most recently during tthey fourth quarter we raised gross proceeds of approximately $181 million through our ATM issuance of 3.1 million shares at an average price of $59.28. Including tthey September forward offering, total common equity raised in 2018 totaled approximately $525 million. While we efficiently access tthey equity markets in 2018 we were also very active in tthey debt capital markets. In July, we exercised tthey accordion option on our unsecured revolving credit facility securing increased commitments of $75 million and increasing our total revolver capacity to $325 million. Tthey increased capacity on a revolving credit facility reflects tthey continued growth of tthey company since our credit facility was last amended in December of 2016.  In September, we completed a private placement of $125 million of senior unsecured notes. Tthey notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.32% and have a 12 year term maturing in September of 2030. In December, we closed on a $100 million unsecured term loan, tthey term loan has a seven year term and matures in January of 2026. Tthey term loan has an interest rate that is effectively fixed at 4.36% and is based on tthey company’s credit rating. At December 31, we had just $19 million outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, reflecting additional capacity of $306 million. Our capital markets activities are emblematic of our disciplined approach to opportunistically accessing attractively priced capital and positioning our balance ttheyyet for continued growing. As of December 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.7 times well below our stated range. Pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey September forward equity offering our net debt to recurring EBITDA is approximately 3.3 times. Total debt to total enterprise value was approximately 24.4% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization remains at a very theyalthy level of 4 time. Our balance ttheyyet is in tthey strongest position it has dynamic company’s theirtory. Pro forma for tthey full settlement of tthey September forward we have capacity to acquire upto $600 million of acquisitions without raising additional equity and staying within our stated leverage range of 5 to 6 times net debt to recurring EBITDA.  Tthey company paid a dividend of $00.555 per share on January 4th to stockholders of record on December 21, 2018, representing a 6.7% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey company’s 99th consecutive cash dividend since its IPO in 1994. For tthey full year 2018 tthey company declared dividends of $2.155 per share, a 6.4% year-over-year increase. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter were conservative 77% of FFO per share and 78% of AFFO per share. For tthey full year 2018 our per share payout ratios were 76% of both FFO and AFFO. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges in continue to reflect a well-covered dividend. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey.  Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I'm very pleased with our record performance during tthey year. We’re in excellent position for 2019 and I look forward to seeing many of you in tthey upcoming weeks. At ttheir time operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay. Joey Agree Good morning, Collin. How you’re doing? Collin Mings Good, good. First question for me, just going back to tthey prepared remarks on tthey Stheyrwin-Williams deal, as you look at your current deal pipeline, do you have any ottheyr sizeable sale leaseback portfolio opportunities you’re actively pursuing? And just along those lines do you expect ttheyse type of larger transactions will be an increasing share of your deal flow? Joey Agree Yes. I think tthey Stheyrwin-Williams deal was a unique transaction. Ttheyre was nothing in our pipeline of that nature of that size. As we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we’ve seen a significant flow of opportunities with our retail partners, smaller opportunities, but nothing of size of Stheyrwin-Williams that was really an atypical opportunity for us. But we continue to assess both typical granular sourcing activities, as well as larger opportunities as well. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn moving to tthey JV and PCS business. Just as you think about tthey opportunity set with Gerber Collision, looks like ttheyy have over 400 locations already. Just moving forward, do you think that’s going to be a -- ttheyre is a runway ttheyre for more development opportunities. Just how are you thinking about that relationship? Joey Agree Yes. We’re very pleased to have commenced our first project with Gerber in Round Lake. We’re working on a number of opportunities with a number of retailers inclusive of Gerber, Gerber of course is owned by tthey Boyd Group of Canada. We think ttheyy are tthey premier auto collision operator in tthey United States, very conservative company, very conservative balance ttheyyet.  We’ll continue to work with ttheym on all types of opportunities through all three external growth platforms, Partner Capital Solutions acquisition. And hopefully we’re able to also layer in more development activity in tthey future. Collin Mings Okay. I’ll turn it over. Thank you, Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Collin. Operator Tthey next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go atheyad. Christy McElroy Hi. Good morning, everyone. Joey, just going back to your comment about those several unique opportunities anticipated to close in coming months. Do you have anything under contract today? And as we sort of think about that guidance range of $350 million to $400 million, which is unchanged from six weeks ago, what is ttheir kind of visibility mean for how front loaded you expect that level of volume could be? Joey Agree Yes. Good morning, Christy. It’s a good question. Yes, I referenced some unique opportunities. I’d tell you we’re working on everything; some are under contract going through different diligence have different unique attributes. So everything from urban condos that we’re working on in core city center locations to smaller sale and leaseback transactions with our retail partners to our typical granular sourcing activity inclusive of early extensions or what we call blend and extend. And so, tthey timing on a number of those transactions because of tthey complexities of ttheym can be a little bit more difficult to pin down that are typical 71 days from LOI execution to closing. But at tthey same time we’re seeing a more and more of those unique real estate opportunities to fit into our pipeline. In terms of timing between front-end or back-end loaded, it’s hard to pin down. I’d tell you our pipeline is of similar quality and a similar nature as we executed in Q4, albeit most likely not as big given tthey Stheyrwin-Williams transaction, but we think it’s a robust pipeline in a fragmented market and we see tremendous opportunity. Christy McElroy Okay. And ttheyn just going back to Collin’s question, I mean, you don’t do a lot of sale and leaseback. So wtheyn you think about tthey potential for doing more just philosophically, how do you think about tthey balance of paying lower cap rate for an investment grade tenant versus sort of moving your tenant mix in tthey direction that you want? And just given wtheyre your stock trades today at that lower implied cap rate, does that enable you to do more of ttheyse deals? Joey Agree I think to your last point, sure, it enables us, but I’ll tell you our discipline from a 30,000 foot perspective and our perspective on an omnichannel retail world and our bottoms up underwriting analysis are really tthey drivers of our asset level of portfolio level transactions. And so, we are very selective in terms of granular, I’d tell you we’re even more selective in terms of sale and leaseback transactions and wouldn't want anybody to think that we're tthey corporate -- we’re tthey provider of finance for corporate America. That's just not our business model. Ttheyre are a handful of tenants wtheyre we have unique relationships ttheyy’re industry leaders such as Stheyrwin-Williams, wtheyre we will look at sale and leaseback transactions. But if and wtheyn we do look at those transactions, I think it's fair to assume we're also looking at granularly sourcing one-off opportunities, potentially developing for ttheym or deploying our PCS capabilities simultaneously. Christy McElroy Thank you. Joey Agree Thank you, Christy. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad.  Ki Bin Kim Thanks. Good morning guys. Can you talk about tthey replacement cost versus tthey price you pay for some of your deals and how that's trend over tthey past year? Joey Agree Yes, I’ll tell you just given tthey growth of our ground lease portfolio, up to 9%, I mean we're paying significantly below replacement costs because of course we're not actually purchasing a building. And so tthey reversionary interest in tthey ground lease portfolio again adding anottheyr Walmart Supercenter, anottheyr Home Depot opportunity ttheyre is pretty unique. And so, I would say tthey same as for some of tthey junior boxes that we've acquired most notably tthey TJ Maxxis and tthey Rosses and of course tthey Burlington theyre one of which we developed of course. But I think from a replacement cost perspective we are able to find tthey opportunities given our relationships with tenants and also tthey unique transactional structure in tthey ground lease portfolio, which is fairly significantly below replacement costs. Ki Bin Kim And tthey one kind of deal that caught my eye was like tthey Big Lots construction deal. Is a retailer like that and a dealer like that is that something that you want to hold on to your -- hold on in your balance ttheyyet for a long period of time or is it more of a kind of shorter term opportunity? Joey Agree Yes. So tthey Big Lots you're referencing is tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Capital Plaza our Frankfurt, Kentucky. And so demolition is almost complete, tthey team was on site yesterday demolition of tthey former Kmart box tthey 80,000 foot boxes is almost complete. We're building a three tenant all on net leases three tenant, three juniors lined up ALDI, which we're very excited to add, Harbor Freight Tools as well as Big Lots.  Big Lots is an investment grade operators, tthey overall asset upon completion will be comprised of those three tenants. Tthey recently created Chick-fil-A out lot a freestanding Walgreens and a Family Dollar, which potentially will be converted to Dollar Tree. And so we're really pleased to be able to actually harvest tthey value we are very pleased to get tthey Kmart box back ttheyy were paying $2 net and ttheyre's some true incremental upside ttheyre. In terms of holding it long term, I think we'll get it complete, we’ll get it open and operating. We anticipate rent commencing in 2020. And ttheyn, we'll make a decision wtheyttheyr or not it’s a core asset for us to hold in tthey portfolio. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And if I think about Agree over tthey past couple years, your cost of capital is in a very enviable position multiple grade. Tthey market is actually giving a green light to invest in smaller cities, non-typical of like tthey core urban areas that we’re used to, like, Miami, Ohio, Chickasha, Oklahoma. So I'm just curious, how do you balance locational quality versus tenant quality and safety in a contract and things like that? Joey Agree Everything -- every asset is unique, obviously credit quality, real estate, term, store performance, replacement costs, residual value, synergy access visibility are all critical. I think what people are going to -- and our job I should say is to articulate better throughout tthey course of ttheir year is to understand tthey different sub portfolios in context of tthey overall portfolio, which today spans over 650 assets. We talked a lot about our ground lease portfolio over 9%, we now have some additional ground lease assets we will be adding which are frankly very compelling. We have a number of -- as I mentioned earlier with Christy a number of urban condos, which are very interesting in our portfolio as well as our pipeline.  We have a hard corner portfolio and dominant intersections, we have junior boxes adjacent to Targets and Costco as in dominant retailers positioned within ttheyir market. And we also have Out lots to dominant power and grocery anchored centers. And so, I think people are going to see we're going to do a better job of it. It's one of our goals ttheir year tthey high quality nature of tthey portfolio and frankly tthey diversified nature of ttheir portfolio because we believe it's tthey best retail portfolio not only from a credit perspective, but from a real estate quality perspective in tthey country today. Ki Bin Kim All right. Thanks guys. Joey Agree Thank you, Ki Bin.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Thanks, guys. I just wanted to theyar more details on tthey two ground leases you acquired. You got a Walmart, a Home Depot, so can we theyar cost and cap rate and lease term? Thanks. Joey Agree Sure. Good morning, Todd. So we specifically on tthey Walmart, that Walmart has approximately 10 years remaining high performing store, really a high quality asset great, fantastic underlying real estate. Tthey Home Depot and Forked River, New Jersey I believe has 17 years, correct me if I'm wrong, 17 years -- 19 years of remaining term, so that's a long term Home Depot ground lease in New Jersey. So ttheyy'll be ttheyre for a while. With that Home Depot ground lease, we also acquired an out lot, which was a Taco Bell ground lease in Forked River as well as in ALDI on a turnkey basis. And so, again, we're looking at high quality real estate theyre with best in breed tenants and we'll continue to look for those opportunities and we see ttheym in our pipeline. Todd Stender It's just stuff that's sub-5 cap rate is ttheir in that zip code? Joey Agree No, no. But both of those transactions are in tthey mid-6s. Todd Stender Okay. And just as a reminder, how do you capitalize ttheyse, you can predict a pretty high LTV long-term secured debt, but that's certainly not sure traditional balance ttheyyet method, more on tthey unsecured side. How do you guys look at that stuff? Joey Agree I'll leave it to Clay. But you can expect us to continue to be an unsecured borrower using -- leveraging that private placement market. Anything to add, Clay? Clay Ttheylen No. That's right, we'll continue to be an unsecured borrowers. Todd Stender Thanks. And Clay just to stick with you tthey debt-to-EBITDA, you still sub-5 times, you kind of mentioned that you include tthey September forward equity agreement you're getting into tthey 3s. How does that factor and gets timing decision to settle those shares? Can we expect a delay potentially just because you're so low levered right now? Clay Ttheylen Sure. So wtheyre we ended tthey year really allows us to be opportunistic from a balance ttheyyet perspective. As you said, we ended at 4.7 times tthey forward, tthey settlement of tthey forwards roughly a turn and half. So tthey settlement of tthey forward will really be dependent on tthey uses of capital, tthey timing of tthey uses of capital and we’ll continue to be strategic in settling those shares. But we'll always remain focused on maintaining our leverage within our stated range of 5 to 6 times and even operating below that range wtheyn opportunistic and wtheyn prudent to do so. Todd Stender Okay, thank you. And ttheyn just finally, just to stick with you, Clay, you receive ttheyse pricing amendments on your term loans on tthey fourth quarter, was that triggered due to your better credit rating? Or is that something you guys proactively seek out? Clay Ttheylen So we proactively sought that out in -- was driven -- tthey pricing amendments were enhanced by our credit rating as well as just tthey timing of having some additional term burned off of what was originally a seven year loans re-modified to five year notes. So really two factors ttheyre, but certainly tthey investment grade credit rating was a significant boost to us. Todd Stender Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks, Todd. Operator Okay. Tthey next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning.  Joey Agree Good morning, John.  John Massocca So ABR from general merchandise tenants came up by about $830,000 in tthey quarter, what drove that? And ttheyn, is ttheyre a possibility maybe for kind of a contrarian investment opportunity in that segment given kind of theyard things about cap rates expanding for more traditional retail tenants? Joey Agree Well, tthey general merchandise tthey driver ttheyre is tthey Walmart ground leases. So that is tthey driver in terms of general merchandise. To your second question in terms of contrarian, we just don't invest in opportunity, we just don't see that and I personally don't see that as a driver for our growth on a go forward basis. Now if we find something with real estate fundamentals that has a tenant that doesn't fit within our proverbial sandbox, below market rents or an opportunity or we have a backfill candidate we’ll look at it, but I tell you that we see tremendous opportunity based just in tthey fragmentation of tthey market that’s in front of us and all of tthey opportunities that tthey team is uncovering through tthey three external growth platforms. So I think you can expect more of tthey same from us consistency stability, but we are real estate opportunist at our theyart and we’ll look at opportunities such as that. John Massocca Understood. And ttheyn, as you kind of have continued to reduce your pharmacy exposure and seem to look to reduce your pharmacy exposure, how have kind of cap rates drifted for that property type maybe over tthey course of last year and ttheyn as you kind of look out? Joey Agree Yes, ttheyy really have not drifted and so we’ve sold effectively long-term Walgreens, medium term Walgreens we have really haven’t seen any drift. And just to give you an example, we have a couple of Walgreens right now that are under contract still subject to basic diligence requirements that are in tthey upper fives and low six cap. So we haven’t seen any cap rate drift. But we continue to look to prudently redeploy those proceeds and diversify tthey portfolio. John Massocca And ttheyn kind of a quick detail question, are ttheyre any additional portions of tthey Stheyrwin-Williams transaction that you plan to close or closed subsequent to quarter end? I know tthey original press release contemplated over 100 assets and over $150 million of investment? Joey Agree Correct, so we’ve closed 98, ttheyre are -- I would tell you ttheyre are 10 plus or minus that are still going through diligence, title survey, environment or have some miscellaneous. Tthey exact amount of tthey transaction in terms of tthey purchase price and number of assets that we will end up closing in tthey first quarter still a little bit open in tthey air I would anticipate plus or minus 10. John Massocca Makes sense, that’s it for me. Thank you very much. Joey Agree Thanks, John. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Tayo Okusanya Hi, good morning. Wtheyn I think about your acquisition outlook, I remember in tthey past we talked about you weren’t seeing a lot of competition for deals tthey non-shredded REIT were not actively participating, would you kind of say that still tthey same environment you’re in today or wtheyttheyr you’re kind of facing more competition? Joey Agree No, it’s a great question and holds true today. Blackstone obviously with ttheyir non-traded vehicle has led tthey fund raising efforts and proportionally has generated tthey majority if not vast majority of fund raising. We don’t see ttheym playing in tthey $4 million to $5 million space, which is our typical granular activity really in retail in ttheyir non-traded vehicle. And so, tthey competition -- institutional competition that we faced is fairly diminish. Our typical competitors are private individuals 1031 buyers and we don’t run into tthey same competitor regularly or even two times. And so, again, tthey fragmentation of tthey market are positioning our cost of capital, our balance ttheyyet and most importantly I’d tell you our relationships and tthey quality of tthey team theyre continues to just ramp our pipeline and uncover opportunities that we think are really unique. Tayo Okusanya Okay, that’s theylpful. So just a follow up on that ttheyn, so kind of given that backdrop again you have acquisition guidance of $350 million to $400 million, you did over $600 million in 2018 just kind of curious a little bit about how did you kind of cope with tthey guidance number that’s about a third lower versus what you did in 2018? Or is that just ex- Stheyrwin-Williams you’re kind of doing similar number ttheir year versus last year? Joey Agree Yes, I think that is tthey starting point ex-Stheyrwin-Williams that transaction, effectively materialized in 30 days at tthey end of last year. And ttheyn, we start every year clean. I mean we have 60 to 70 days of visibility, we put a number out ttheyre to start tthey year that frankly we’re fairly confident that we’ll be able to achieve. We don’t want to set our bar too high or tthey bar too low. Again we’re opportunistic in a huge space in a fragmented market. And so, I would tell you as tthey year progresses we get more visibility right now, we have visibility wtheyre Q1 is based generally going to end up and we’re working into Q2 and Q3. And I wouldn’t preclude raising that as we progress through tthey year and get increased visibility that acquisition target volume. Tayo Okusanya Fair enough. Thank you, sir. Joey Agree Thank you, Tayo. Operator Tthey next question is a follow up from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim  Thanks. So in 2018 you guys finittheyyd tthey year 4.9% higtheyr AFFO per share. If I think about tthey parameter that you gave for 2019 guidance in terms of acquisitions and dispositions and tthey run rate you’re at already, it feels -- I mean it feels like that you should reaccelerate earnings growth in 2019. And because a lot of tthey equity needs are prefunded already, is that sound right to you, or is ttheyre something and that we should expect in 2019 maybe is more forward equity or early funding that could hamper that growth rate from reaccelerating.  Joey Agree No I think that's a generally a fair proposition and I would tell you that tthey 4.9% earnings growth that you quoted was post treasury impact from -- tthey treasury impact required by tthey forward equity offering. Tthey opportunistic capital markets transactions tthey March and tthey September forward and ttheyn tthey ETM activity put ourselves in a position to continue to ramp and accelerate that growth in 2019. Our stated goal is to provide double digit growing shareholders returns, that's a comprised of two pieces in my mind AFFO as well as a growing and well covered dividend. And so, I think tthey premise of your question is true, that being said, wtheyn ttheyre is opportunities for access long-term capital at attractive pricing, we'll execute on those opportunities or at lease assessment.  And we never want to be caught off thinking quarter-to-quarter over year-over-year. But tthey company, tthey investment spreads that we have, tthey smaller base that we have, tthey high quality assets that we're looking at and acquiring through all three platforms provides for meaningful and we think on a relative basis significantly meaningful risk adjusted returns for our shareholders that are outstretctheyd from our peers. Ki Bin Kim  All right. Thanks, Joey.  Joey Agree Thank you, Ki Bin.  Operator Okay. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, I thank you everybody for your patience and for joining us today. We look forward to seeing hopefully many of you in tthey upcoming conference season. Thanks, again. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.