Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call February 15, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Brian Hawthorne - Director, Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President and CEO Peter Cougtheynour - CFO Conference Call Participants Nick Joseph - Citi Rob Stevenson - Janney RJ Milligan - Raymond James Ki Bin Kim - Truist Tayo Okusanya - Credit Suisse Josh Dennerlein - Bank of America Ravi Vaidya - Mizuho Elijah Tsai - Jefferies Wes Golladay - Baird Operator Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] We do ask you please limit yourselves to two questions during tthey call. And please note today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Brian Hawthorne, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Brian. Brian Hawthorne Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our record results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under Federal Securities Law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Brian. Good morning and everyone thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that 2022 was anottheyr record year for our company. Notable milestones over tthey past 12 months included record investment activity over $1.7 billion, surpassing our record high by 20%. Tthey addition of over 440 high-quality net lease properties to our growing portfolio, tthey commencement of a record 28 development and Partner Capital Solutions projects for total committed capital of nearly $110 million, tthey receiving of an upgraded investment grade credit rating of Baa1 and from Moody's Investors Service and positioning our balance ttheyyet to execute in 2023 without tthey need for additional capital, while raising approximately $1.7 billion including $1.3 billion of equity. We closed 2022 with approximately $1.5 billion of liquidity at year-end, including more than $550 million of outstanding forward equity available at our election. Including our forward equity, pro forma net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.1 times at 12/31. As demonstrated by our fourth quarter acquisition activity, cap rates crept higtheyr, but bid-ask spread remains as sellers are slow to adjust to current market dynamics. As always, we remain disciplined to our investment strategy, and refrain from going up tthey risk curve via credit or residual risk to create tthey appearance of a quickly expanding cap rate environment. Similarly, we will not chase cap rates down to levels that fail to create sufficient spreads to drive appropriate returns for our shareholders. Our focus remains on tthey best retailers in tthey country with strong balance ttheyyets to allow ttheym to withstand tthey current macroeconomic environment regardless of tthey level of deterioration. Our team is doing a terrific job navigating ttheir environment, leveraging our strong industry-wide relationships and track record while uncovering opportunities to add to our growing portfolio. Our pipeline includes both smaller one-off transactions and larger sale leasebacks with our leading retail partners. Given that pipeline, I am confident our team will be able to source north of $1 billion of acquisition activity at spreads that are appropriately accretive. During tthey fourth quarter, we invested approximately $421 million across 157 properties via our three external growth platforms. 131 of tthey properties originated through our acquisition platform, representing acquisition volume of approximately $405 million. Tthey properties acquired during tthey quarter are leased to best-in-class operators in tthey auto parts, tire and auto service, home improvement, dollar store, off-price retail, convenience store and farm and rural supply sectors, among ottheyrs. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.4% and a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.6 years. Over 73% of tthey acquired rents are derived from investment grade retail tenants. For tthey full year 2022, nearly 70% of tthey annualized base rent acquired was derived from leading investment grade retailers, while ground leases represented more than 5% of rents acquired. Moving on to our development and PCS platforms. We again had a record year with 31 projects, eittheyr completed or under construction, representing over $118 million of committed capital. Ttheir includes 28 projects commenced during tthey year with tthey total anticipated costs of $110 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we commenced six new development and PCS projects with total anticipated costs of approximately $37 million. We completed tthey development of 2 projects while construction continued on anottheyr 18 projects. We continued to call noncore assets from our portfolio with seven properties sold during tthey prior year for gross proceeds of over $45 million. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 6.5%. On tthey leasing front, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 850,000 square feet of gross leasable area in 2022, including 198,000 square feet during tthey fourth quarter. Notable new leases, extensions or options included a Chase Bank ground lease in Stockbridge, Georgia, wtheyre we had our first opportunity to recapture a ground lease due to tthey tenant’s lack of options. We eventually executed a new 15-year lease with Chase and were able to increase tthey rent by approximately 160%. Tthey NOI lift we were able to generate is emblematic of tthey embedded value in our ground lease portfolio. Moving into ttheir year, we are in a very strong position with 1.3% of annualized base rents maturing. Subsequent to year-end, we have executed a number of lease extensions, bringing ttheir number down to only 1% for tthey remainder of tthey year. At year-end, our portfolio encompassed 1,839 properties across all 48 continental United States, including 206 ground leases representing 12.4% of total annualized base rents. Occupancy remained a very theyalthy 99.7%. Again, our investment grade exposure stood at nearly 68%. And all of our top 10 tenants carry an investment grade credit rating. Our best-in-class portfolio is very well positioned to withstand tthey current macroeconomic environment. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter and ttheyn we can open up for any questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. I'll start by recapping our balance ttheyyet and capital markets activities during tthey year. As Joey mentioned, we were highly active in tthey capital markets, raising approximately $1.7 billion to furttheyr bolster our balance ttheyyet and position us for continued growth. Notable activities include $1.3 billion of gross equity proceeds raised through two overnight offerings and our at-tthey-market equity program, and a $300 million public bond offering of 4.8% senior unsecured notes due 2032 with an effective all in rate of 3.76%, inclusive of prior theydging activity. Our capital markets activities during 2022 provided us with approximately $1.5 billion of liquidity at year-end, including $557 million of outstanding forward equity, $900 million of availability on tthey revolver and $29 million of cash on hand. Our existing liquidity plus free cash flow after tthey dividend of approximately $85 million and any disposition proceeds enable us to opportunistically execute our growth strategy in 2023 without tthey need for additional capital. As of December 31st, pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey $557 million of outstanding forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.1 times. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was 4.4 times. At year-end, our weighted average debt maturity stood at approximately eight years. With limited variable rate debt and no material debt maturities until 2028, we remain well positioned to withstand interest rate theyadwinds and capital markets volatility. Total debt to enterprise value at year end stood at 23%. While our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principle amortization and tthey preferred dividend remained at a theyalthy level of 5 times. Moving to earnings, core FFO was $0.96 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.87 per share for full year 2022, representing 3.5% and 8.1% year-over-year increases, respectively. AFFO per share was $0.95 for tthey fourth quarter and $3.83 for tthey full year, representing 3.9% and 9.2% year-over-year increases, respectively. As a reminder, treasury stock is included in our diluted share count prior to settlement, if ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was less than half a penny in tthey fourth quarter and roughly $0.02 for tthey full year. Our consistent and reliable earnings growth continues to support a growing and well covered dividend. During tthey fourth quarter we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.24 per common share for each of October, November and December. On an annualized basis, tthey monthly dividends represent a 5.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey fourth quarter of 2021. For tthey full year, tthey Company declared dividends of just over $2.80 per share, a 7.7% increase year-over-year and a 16% increase on a two-year stack basis. Our payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter and full year remained at or below tthey low end of our targeted range of 75% to 85% of AFFO per share. After year-end, we announced a monthly dividend of $0.24 per share for each of January and February. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.88 per share, or 5.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of approximately $2.72 per share from tthey first quarter of 2022. General and administrative expenses in 2022 totaled $30.1 million. G&A expenses were 7% of total revenue or 6.5%, excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We achieved 50 basis points of G&A leverage during 2022. Given our investments in systems, including our recently implemented ERP system, and furttheyr improvements to our proprietary ARC database, we anticipate achieving similar G&A leverage ttheir year. Lastly, total income tax expense for 2022 was approximately $2.9 million, including $723,000 of expense during tthey fourth quarter. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time, we will begin that question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Nick Joseph from Citi. Nick Joseph Thanks. Joey, I was just hoping to get some more color on kind of current cap rate trends, maybe specific to what you're seeing on tthey merchant builder side and tthey impact it's having on any recent deals? Joey Agree Yes. Good morning, Nick. Well, first, on tthey merchant builder side you saw during tthey during tthey fourth quarter, we had a number of transactions with merchant builders for Dollar General, O'Reilly, Dollar Tree Family, Dollar, we were taking advantage of distressed situations wtheyre ttheyy need to clear ttheyir inventory. I'll tell you, we're still talking to a number of retailers that leverage -- theirtorically have leveraged ttheyir merchant builder platform for net new stores, since that business is effectively interrupted on a timeout at ttheir point. And so for 2023 year-end and 2024 new openings, retailers that were focused on merchant builders are all looking for new solutions. And that's wtheyre we think we can potentially play a part. In terms of cap rates, it's a complicated situation, frankly. I think cap rates, it's -- I wouldn't call it bifurcated, I would call it trifurcated. If you want to go up tthey risk curve, which we will not do theyre, that is something that is readily available. You can clearly go acquire things with seven handles in front of ttheym, ttheyy’re private equity backed operators or second or third tier operators in ttheyir respective spaces. What we see in tthey IG space, ttheyre is no shortage of opportunities out ttheyre, we could acquire over $2 billion if we wanted to in 2023. It's finding tthey right opportunities wtheyre we can drive AFFO per share while maintaining our quality of ttheir portfolio in those qualitative hurdles. And so, ttheyre's a lot of nuances to it. Much of it is price point driven, much of it is credit driven. But cap rates have obviously come off ttheyir lows in 2021 and 2022. But I think first of all, everyone understands that ttheir is a bond like -- ttheir is bonds like business, right? And that leads to bonds like assets. And so in tthey last year we witnessed tthey debt financing costs, both short-term and long-term go up significantly. We have yet to see cap rate -- commensurate cap rate expansion in tthey space. And so, what we're seeing as a result is, frankly, private and public investors in net lease space moving up tthey risk curve to drive tthey appearance of spreads. That's something that we won't do -- we will never sacrifice long-term value creation for a short-term path. And so, we'll remain disciplined, and we'll see how ttheir plays out. Nick Joseph And ttheyn just maybe on tthey current pipeline, you talked about at least $1 billion of acquisitions, maybe less specificity than tthey normal given tthey environment. How are you thinking about tthey timing of those? Maybe you can talk about tthey current pipeline and ttheyn is tthey opportunity more in tthey back half of tthey year to exceed that $1 billion if deals start to materialize? Joey Agree I love wtheyn I theyar tthey opportunity is going to be back half of tthey year weighted. I don't know if -- what's going to happen in tthey back half of tthey year, let alone tomorrow. I'll tell you our current pipeline for Q1, as I mentioned, has larger scale sale leaseback with industry leaders, has one-off transactions. We're just starting just to build our Q2 pipeline. We're about a fifth of tthey way through that. We have nothing for Q3 and Q4, I'll be honest, not one deal today for Q3 and Q4. I don't know that ttheir is going to be a soft landing or we're going to -- it's going to be a meteor hitting earth theyre in terms of ttheir economy. So again, I think it's most appropriate for us to be flexible, which we are with our balance ttheyyet. We don't need $1 of equity, and ttheyn be disciplined as we deploy that capital as ttheir year materializes. And I think everyone has different perspective ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson from Janney. Rob Stevenson Joey, can you talk about your future pipeline of development and partner capital projects? How aggressive are you being with new projects today, and you see tthey current dollar volume of that pipeline growing, stable, shrinking over tthey course of '23 as projects go in and come out? Joey Agree Yes. Rob, it's very similar to my last answer in terms of acquisitions. We're not going to chase yields down, given a potential, I’ll call it, rise in cap rates throughout tthey course of ttheir year. Obviously, wtheyn you enter into any development transaction, or PCS transaction, ttheyre's duration to it. So, some of those transactions take 6 months, some of ttheym take 12, 18 months. And so, you have to be appropriately compensated in terms of tthey return on costs. Now, we announced a number of projects in tthey fourth quarter, we have some in our pipeline, obviously, today that are unannounced still. But tthey most important thing is we're getting that appropriate premium for that duration of risk. It's not going to be credit risk, it's not going to be tthey residual risk, but it will be tthey duration risk. And so, if we're going to -- if we have tthey ability to buy something with a similar credit profile or from a third-party from our retail partners, and it's well inside or close to, I should say, wtheyre we could develop or enter into a PCS transaction, we'd much prefer to have visibility into that 70-day closing period, or as much visibility as possible. Rob Stevenson And ttheyn, talking to your core tenants, wtheyre's retailer expansion demand today versus wtheyre it's been over tthey last few years? And how does that sort of match up with your understanding of merchant developers ability to get capital to start new projects to fund that sort of development? Joey Agree It is a great question. It is extremely topical. We are having literally weekly conversations with our retail partners, tthey biggest retailers in tthey world. Tthey vast majority of ttheym aren't afraid of tthey overall macro environment because ttheyy know ttheyy would benefit from tthey trade down effect. Large format C stores, we have two entering Metro Detroit, both Stheyetz and Kum & Go we've had tthey rare various levels of discussion with, tthey dollar stores, obviously, trade down effect, deep discount grocery or discount groceries, all tthey ones that continue to grow throughout ttheir country, Dollar General, tthey Dollar General Market format, Dollar General with popttheyylf, Five Below and now Five Beyond, tthey auto parts operators. Obviously with cars on tthey road eclipsing 12 years and still not able to get a car, because tthey chips shortage, tthey auto parts operators AutoZone, O'Reilly, Napa want to continue to grow. Tthey tire and service operators in ttheir country, tthey National Tire and Batteries, Bridgestone, Firestone, Goodyear want to continue to grow. Tthey challenge for ttheyse retailers that ttheyy theirtorically don't have a self development platform and/or don't have tthey stomach to keep ttheym on balance ttheyyet and ttheyn offload ttheym via sale leaseback or permanently keep ttheym on balance ttheyyet as tthey merchant builder business is that. And so, our conversations with ttheyse retailers revolve around which three of our external growth capabilities, acquisition, development and Partner Capital Solutions could potentially be a solution for ttheym. And so, ttheyse are conversations that are ongoing. And ttheyy're producing some interesting dialogue. We'll see if any of ttheym strike. By tthey way, you can add to that with Sam's Club for tthey first time in, what, 12 years, announced 30 net new stores. And so, you see that ttheyse discount oriented retailer or ttheyse value oriented retailers want to grow regardless of tthey storm clouds on tthey horizon. But frankly, tthey ability to grow is ttheyir challenge. Operator Our next question comes from RJ Milligan from Raymond James. RJ Milligan Joey, your comments that ttheyre's plenty to buy, if you were willing to sort of hit tthey pricing expectations, but obviously being a little bit more prudent theyre. I'm just curious, what do you think has to happen for sellers to adjust those pricing expectations? Joey Agree It's a great question. I think first of all, we see tthey sentiment swings and shifts daily with new data and tthey Fed speakers rambling on like Tony Romo during a football game. Nobody knows that ttheir is going to be a soft landing, a hard landing, ttheir economy is going to flow up ttheyre like tthey Chinese spy balloon for a while, we have no certainty to ttheir market, still hopeful, inclusive of real estate sellers, that tthey Fed is going to cut rates at tthey end of ttheir year. Maybe that got wattheyyd away yesterday. And so, I think tthey current status quo results in a bid-ask spread. Now, we have more data ttheir morning with consumer sentiment or consumer spending. And so, tthey challenge theyre is that nobody has visibility into how ttheir economy is going to evolve theyre. And theynce unless you are in middle market or a private equity sponsored retail or who needs capital today via sale leaseback wtheyre banks have pulled back and lenders have pulled back on LTVs, rates are obviously extremely elevated, you can find a lender, or last resort in terms of sale leaseback who will be ttheyre as a secured creditor with your real estate to theylp you with your growth. Now, tthey challenge on tthey third-party market specifically is that ttheyre's still too much hope out ttheyre. And until that clears up, I think we're still going to have a bid-ask spread. Now, what we're doing is scouring tthey market through all of our contacts, all of our different distribution groups, all of our different stakeholders and partners out ttheyre and looking for tthey capitulation. And we're finding it. Tthey question is, how much will we find as tthey economy evolves? And that I just don't have any idea because I don't know how tthey economy's going to evolve? RJ Milligan That makes sense. And I guess a question for Peter. I'm just curious what you're seeing on tthey debt market side? Obviously, tthey market’s opened up a little bit for tthey REITs theyre. And I'm just curious, what are you theyaring in terms of banks’ appetite for debt and what pricing might look like to that? Peter Cougtheynour Yes. I think first, RJ, in terms of tthey unsecured market, I think we could probably price 10-year unsecured debt today in tthey mid-5s. Ttheir is down from call it tthey 6s we discussed on last quarter's call, but frankly, still isn't overly attractive today, given we view our cost of equity to be in a similar range. In terms of tthey bank debt market and tthey term loan market, assuming we enter into swaps to fix tthey rate, I think we could probably price a five-year term loan today in tthey high-4s. And I view a five-year term loan to be more attractive today than a 10-year bond given tthey current pricing. All that being said, tthey good news is we have, as Joey mentioned, $1.5 billion of liquidity, more than $550 million of outstanding forward equity. And so, we don't need tthey capital today, eittheyr debt capital or equity capital. And we can continue to monitor our options and be opportunistic in terms of any future capital raises. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Ki Bin Kim So within tthey IG realm that you guys invest in, I'm just curious how tthey triple net financing option compares to ttheyir -- to your tenants’ alternative financing options and how that spread may have migrated over tthey past few months? Joey Agree First of all, Ki Bin, it's great to theyar an operator say your name correctly on an earnings call. Apologies for tthey last one. So, wtheyn you say tthey financing options, are you talking about a seller's potential financing options relative to sale? Ki Bin Kim No, I mean, for financing. I mean, ttheyy can tap tthey unsecured bond market; ttheyy can with a bank market. For your IG tenants, I'm just curious how triple net financing compares to those type of traditional debt financing options? Joey Agree Well, as Peter mentioned, we think tthey term loan market is a possible avenue for us. He quoted wtheyre we think tthey 10-year market -- unsecured market is today. We’ll continue to be an unsecured borrower. We think that's tthey most efficient way for us to continue to borrow capital. Peter Cougtheynour Ki Bin, are you asking in terms of our retailers? Ki Bin Kim Yes. Joey Agree Well, that's a very interesting bifurcation today. So some of tthey most transactions that we have in our pipeline today are with soptheirticated retailers, S&P 500 companies that recognize wtheyre ttheyir relative cost of capital are, wtheyre ttheyy can issue 10-year paper and say you know what, a sale leaseback makes sense and that's similar to what I referenced prior. Now, wtheyn we compare just to take a step back, IG versus non-IG, first, let's reframe ttheir as high-quality retailers versus ottheyr retailers. Because I continue to remind people I love Chick-fil-A, I love Hobby, I love Publix, I love Aldi. Ttheyse are not investment grade retailers; ttheyy're privately theyld, closely theyld companies that don't have a rating. Tthey high-quality retailers have options. Ttheyy low-quality private equity sponsored retail or has very limited options today. One of those options and tthey largest option is a sale leaseback on ttheyir real estate. And so, we will not be tthey lender of last resort, or one of tthey largest creditors to a carwash startup and urgent care. Now, ttheyre are four car wattheyys literally expanding in Metro Detroit as we speak that are all private equity sponsored with REIT capital behind ttheym. Ttheyy own none of ttheyir real estate. I can't figure out wtheyre all ttheyse new cars that need to be wattheyyd are from and how many monthly memberships are required by Metro Detroiters. So I think, in reality, we're back to tthey pre-COVID days theyre. We're back to tthey days wtheyre tthey high-quality retailers are going to thrive. Ttheyy have tthey liquidity, tthey balance ttheyyets. Tthey low-quality retailers are now faced with a stressed economic environment. Ttheyy need whatever capital ttheyy can to shore up ttheyir balance ttheyyet or frankly, offload ttheyir real estate. Ki Bin Kim And in terms of your balance ttheyyet strategy, your leverage is at 4.4 times. How should we think about ttheir as tthey year progresses? I'm curious if you would let tthey leverage kind of drift up theyre or keep it ttheir way? Joey Agree Our leverage is definitely going to drift up. We ended pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey $552 million in equity at 12/31 at effectively 3.1 times leverage. Leverage is going to drift up to tthey 4 to 5 times targeted leverage range. We are not interested in tthey equity markets. We're not coming back to tthey equity markets via regular way or tthey ATM anytime soon. We have tthey capital and tthey flexibility to execute on our strategy for ttheir upcoming year. And we're going to obviously drift leverage higtheyr theyre to what we think is appropriate that 4 to 5 times. Operator And our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Credit Suisse. Tayo Okusanya I just wanted to follow-up on my buddy RJ's question. Joey, again, part of your response to their question was who knows wtheyre tthey economy's going, no one has a crystal ball. No one can call Miss Cleo, so to speak. But I'm just curious, in eittheyr economic scenario, how do you see -- how do you kind of see agency is faring? Do you see yourself faring better if tthey economy continues to kind of do well and -- or starts to improve? Or if tthey economy goes south and you start to see distressed opportunities, is that your time to pounce? Just curious how you're kind of thinking about different economic scenarios and how ADC would do in each one? Joey Agree I appreciate tthey question. Obviously, with tthey caveat, tthey good news is bad news with economic data today. Look, I think we're in a very unique position. We have a defensive portfolio, tthey most defensive, tthey defensive balance ttheyyet, probably tthey most defensive, and we're able to play offense. And so, we can play both sides of tthey ball theyre. So wtheyttheyr we see a significant deterioration in tthey underlying environment, ttheir portfolio is going to perform tthey best. Now, if all of a sudden, what, ttheyre's a soft landing and everything takes off again, we have tthey cost of capital, tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey liquidity to execute. And so, we have -- we're in a very unique position. It's hard, nearly impossible to poke a hole in ttheir company through any single aspect today. And that was strategic coming into ttheir year, given all of those unknown factors that are out of our control. And so, it's not time and I've said ttheir repeatedly, and I apologize, not time to slam on tthey gas, and it's not time for us to hold up tthey stop sign. Right now, we're going to be disciplined and prudent, but if one of those two things happen, we'll pivot. And we'll pivot very quickly, just like we did during COVID, just like we did wtheyn we launctheyd tthey acquisition platform. So, I think in both environments, we're going to grow AFFO, we are going to grow our dividend, and ttheir portfolio and balance ttheyyet is going to be a focus. Tayo Okusanya That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, Peter, could you talk a little bit about, again, how you're -- again I know you guys don’t give guidance, but in terms of just kind of credit and credit provisioning and how you kind of think about tthey impact to '23 versus '22. Could you just kind of walk us through that? And ttheyn, granted, you guys are massively IG, have barely seen any credit issues, but I don't think you've seen any, but just kind of curious how you're thinking about that. Peter Cougtheynour Sure. I guess just to recap 2022 first. We recorded about $400,000 of bad debt expense in 2022. That's call it roughly 10 basis points of revenue. And that's slightly below our longer term average, which is probably closer to call it 20 or 25 basis points of revenue. But as you mentioned, we specifically identify tenants or instances of bad debt. And so, predicting bad debt on a go forward basis can be difficult. With tthey current macroeconomic environment, wtheyre it is, I think that obviously presents some challenges for retailers. But we certainly feel with our portfolio and 68% of rents coming from investment grade tenants that it's very well positioned to withstand tthey current environment, and wouldn't really anticipate any significant deviation from what we've seen theirtorically. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Dennerlein from Bank of America. Josh Dennerlein Joey, just kind of curious how you think about dispositions as a potential source of capital in today's environment? Joey Agree Yes. We didn't give disposition guidance ttheir year, because, frankly, entering into tthey world of dispositions outside of tthey seller who -- or sorry, a buyer, excuse me, who is pre screen is an all cash buyer, is frankly an inefficient use of our time. We went through tthey 1031 gyrations. Ttheir portfolio is nearly in pristine position, if anyone wants to buy a couple AMCs, please tell ttheym to call. But it's effectively a near pristine -- in pristine position theyre. And so, I'm just theysitant to waste our time out ttheyre in tthey 1031 market. We've got 77ish team members theyre that are extremely busy. Ttheyre is just so many stops and starts in that space today. And given tthey nature of ttheir portfolio, I don't think we need to execute any significant amount of dispositions ttheir year. Josh Dennerlein Okay. I appreciate that. And has tthey competitive landscape for acquisitions in your spaces, has it shifted at all? Are you seeing less competition or maybe are tthey certain asset classes, people are really gravitating towards -- to that? Joey Agree No. I appreciate tthey question. We've seen less competition. We see less competition for tthey assets that fit within tthey context of our portfolio. 1031 buyers continue to wane as transactions grind slower in tthey country overall. And so, we see less competition. If you talk to brokers, transactional volume is down 60% in tthey space, right now. In tthey month of January, ttheyy're effectively down 60% wtheyre -- my most recent conversations. Wtheyre that will go, nobody knows. And so, ttheyre's less downloads of 1031 buyers. Obviously, you remove leverage out of tthey equation or leverage tthey frankly, doesn't do much for you and negative leverage almost into tthey equation, it will be inhibit some buyers from entering tthey space. And so, we're seeing tons of opportunities. We just won't pay up for ttheym. So, we're not going to take $1 and break it into four quarters at tthey end of tthey day. We're not a change machine. We want to earn money on our capital, just not cycle it. And so, less competition, we're counting capitulations and we hope that continues to accelerate. Operator Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Ravi Vaidya Ttheir is Ravi Vaidya on tthey line for Haendel St. Juste. Hope you guys are doing well. I just wanted to follow up theyre. Given that ttheyre's less competition for tthey assets that you're targeting, are you able to secure better terms, maybe better annual escalators? Joey Agree Well, again, theirtorically tthey minority of what we've done is third-party acquisition. So, we're not negotiating a lease with escalators. I'll tell you, in tthey sale leaseback transactions or tthey development or retailers are more comfortable today and more amenable to increasing acquisitions -- excuse me, increasing those increases that are sctheyduled for every five years. Ravi Vaidya Got it. That’s theylpful. Just one more theyre. Are you expecting any impact of tthey portfolio from tthey Kroger-Albertsons merger? Joey Agree Absolutely not. Kroger is one of our largest partners. We have full Kroger guarantees. Tthey recent speculation has to a 250 store divestiture. We'll see how that materializes with tthey 2024 potential closing as ttheyy've telegraptheyd. We'll see how that materializes through tthey FTC. But we expect -- absolutely, no, we have we have no Albertsons in tthey portfolio, I should mention. Operator Our next question comes from Elijah Tsai from Jefferies. Elijah Tsai Hi. Can you remind us, what percentage of your acquisitions have been from tthey 1031 market versus sale leasebacks theirtorically? Joey Agree Peter, I'm going to try to throw that one to you. I don't have that number on hand. I'll tell you, approximately last year 7%. Does that sound right with sale leasebacks? Peter Cougtheynour Yes, sub-10%, I think in 2022. Joey Agree Sub-10%, we anticipate that number being elevated in Q1. I can't give you theirtoric -- wtheyn you say 1031 market, don't forget, ttheyse are sellers. And so, ttheyre will be 1031 buyers competing with us. What ttheyy do with tthey proceeds, wtheyttheyr ttheyy enter into a down leg, ttheyy have tthey ability to do a new purchase agreement or ttheyy just pay capital gains tax isn’t always -- we're not always privy to it, frankly, Elijah. We're not privy to it. Elijah Tsai Got it. And ttheyn just earlier you were talking about tthey ground lease situation with tthey Chase Bank in Georgia. You noted a lack of options that resulted in a high recapture rate. Was that more of a one-off situation or something you think happens more in tthey current environment? Joey Agree Well, I appreciate tthey question. It was a very unique situation. It was tthey first time in tthey theirtory of tthey Company we had ever had a ground lease expire with no options remaining. We had anottheyr tenant at tthey table who was ready to take tthey property at over $170,000 a year which was that -- what 60% plus lift? Chase came around and signed a new 15-year lease at that 60% plus lift with 10% bumps every five. And so, I think that demonstrates tthey embedded value in tthey ground lease portfolio wtheyn a building reverts for free. Again, ttheir was tthey first instance. I look forward to future instances of it. But wtheyn you get a building back for free and ttheyn all of a sudden somebody has to pay rent on it, you're going to see NOI go up. And again, I'll remind everybody, we have a fee simple ownership of tthey land. Ttheir isn’t a leasehold split -- fee simple leasehold split, and tthey tenant paid for tthey construction of that building. In ttheir instance, it was a predecessor to Chase that was on a ground lease paid for tthey building. Ttheyn Chase had taken that lease, and theynce why ttheyre was no options remaining. And so, we were obviously able to negotiate a very favorable outcome ttheyre. We actually bought that ground lease with two years remaining and no options. Elijah Tsai Thanks for that. And ttheyn how do you feel about tthey overall retailer environment, Regal, Party City, Tuesday Morning, Bed bath, ttheyy're not issues for you, but do you think ttheir is a limited situation or indicative of more distressed forthcoming? Joey Agree Oh, no, I think it's what's coming. I think we're on tthey pre-COVID train. So, ttheyre will be no timeouts called like COVID wtheyre everyone just tried to call a timeout and flood tthey system with capital and ctheyap debt. Obviously, you mentioned we saw anottheyr bankruptcy just recently with Tuesday Morning. Bankruptcies will occur. We can probably say, theyllo bankruptcy to at home and office supply operator, a pet supply store, sporting goods operator, as we saw TOMS Capital, large Burger King franctheiree, we disposed of all of ttheyir assets in years prior. If you look at our disposition we developed for ttheym in tthey Chicago MSA filing bankruptcy, ttheyre will be more -- tthey carwash space, tthey childcare space, tthey urgent care space, tthey quick lube oil change operators, tthey experiential entertainment operators, ttheyre will be private equity backed companies that have to again eittheyr have fixed or variable rate short-term debt wtheyre ttheyir LTVs and ttheyir rates are going to go way up, those loans don't last longer than five years, as we all know. And ttheyn, again, we're going to see retailer attrition akin to tthey pre-COVID days as we march towards ttheir omni-channel world wtheyre 25% e-commerce penetration, eittheyr through online, delivery, BOPIS, click and collect, it's coming. And so it's just a matter of time. So, I am very confident that we are now on tthey pre-COVID train for a rationalization of retailers. Operator And our next question comes from Wes Golladay from Baird. Wes Golladay Are you guys seeing tthey lot of opportunity for tthey multi-tenant PCS openings? Looking at tthey earnings release, you had a few anything Brenham, Texas and ttheyn Onalaska, Wisconsin at almost like a shopping center at first glance. So, what is going on ttheyre? Joey Agree Yes. Tthey TJX multi-tenant effectively development, we're doing a number -- looking at a number of opportunities with ttheym, off-price retailers, TJX, Burlington, tthey Rosses of tthey world, Hobby Lobby, again, those retailers that are looking to expand that were theirtorically working with developers and/or merchant builders that can no longer finance ttheyse projects and make ttheym work. And so, that's an area wtheyre we can continue we think to invest capital and continue to seek out opportunities. Wes Golladay Got it. And ttheyn, I know -- maybe two quarters ago ttheyre seemed to be a bid-ask spread between what you wanted to do ttheyse transactions at, what tthey retailers thought ttheyy were -- tthey pricing should be. Has that narrowed at all? Now that debt markets have calmed down a bit, like you mentioned your debt -- cost of debt down about 100 basis points over tthey last few months? Joey Agree I think Peter referenced about 20 basis points over tthey last few months, 10 years specifically, right? Peter Cougtheynour 10-year came down from maybe call it low-6s to what's mid-5s today relative to what we discussed on tthey last quarter call, but less than 100 basis points. Joey Agree I think everybody's looking at tthey relative cost of capital. I think from tthey merchant builders’ perspective for specifically, ttheyy're looking at not only tthey relative cost of capital, ttheyy're looking at ttheyir construction loans, tthey availability of construction loans, tthey interest rate on tthey construction loans. Tthey labor shortage we have in ttheir country leading to tthey inflationary pressures. Construction costs in ttheir country haven't gone down since 1904 year-over-year. And so, now you combine that with an exit cap rate that's unknown to put a shovel in tthey ground as a private developer and build a TGX combo store with a Burlington or a Ross, you got to be pretty bold. And so, we think those are tthey types of asymmetrical opportunities wtheyre we can step in with our divergent capabilities and create value and create tthey appropriate spread for shareholders, while not going up tthey risk curve into assets that we don't think are appropriate. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, with that and showing no additional questions, I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to tthey management team for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you in coming weeks at tthey upcoming conferences. Thank you. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll conclude today's question-and-answer session as well as today's presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.