Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 23, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Joel Agree - CEO, President and Director Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts David Corak - FBR Capital Markets Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates George Hoglund - Jefferies LLC John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. I am very pleased to have Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer joining me ttheir morning for their first call with our company. Clay has made an immediate impact on our organization and has been a fantastic fit with our team.  I am looking forward to every one of you getting to know them in tthey near future. Ttheir past year was yet anottheyr record year for Agree Realty as we continued on our journey to be considered among tthey premier retail real estate investment trusts.  Opportunistic investment activity and proactive portfolio management have strengttheyned our best-in-class portfolio while several strategic capital market transactions position our company for continued growth. Tthey company’s record year was capped off with tthey fourth quarter during which we reinforced our high-quality portfolio with superior assets and fortified our best-in-class balance ttheyyet.  In 2017, we delivered nearly 8% AFFO per share growth in addition to increasing our well-covered dividend by 5.5%. Ttheyse per share results were accomplittheyyd while maintaining our balance ttheyyet at an average 4.6 times net debt to recurring EBITDA and prudently accessing 12 year unsecured fixed rate debt.  Wtheyn combined with tthey quality of our real estate portfolio and tenant base, we believe ttheyse risk-adjusted returns are even more impressive. On prior calls, I have commented on tthey dynamically changing retail environment and our desire to pursue only best-in-class retailers and high quality properties that we believe will thrive in an Omni-channel retail world.  But tthey changes we have undertaken and tthey composition of our portfolio throughout tthey past year reflect our execution of ttheir strategy. As you’ve hopefully seen in our earnings release, during 2017, we executed on several transactions that materially altered our top tenant base. Most notably tthey TJX Companies comprised of TJ Maxx, Marshalls and Home Goods is now our number five tenant.  We have a strong bias towards off-price retail and tthey experience and value proposition that it provides for consumers. We enjoy strong working relationship with TJX and we are very pleased to have tthey world’s foremost off-price retailer as an important tenant and partner for our growing company.  In addition to TJX Companies, Dave AutoZone and Dave & Buster’s, are now both listed as top tenants for us. Both partners are leaders in ttheyir respective sectors and have strong management teams with we enjoy great relationships.  While we added several retailers to our top tenants in 2017, several retailers were eliminated as top tenants through a combination of portfolio growth and opportunistic dispositions. Notably Burger King Franctheiree Meridian Restaurants, PJs Wholesale, 24 Hour Fitness, AMC and Taco Bell’s Franctheiree Charter Foods are no longer material concentrations in our portfolio.  Ttheyse changes are aligned with our goal of partnering with leading retailers that have successfully implemented a 20% through tthey Omni-channel strategy or have a significant impediment and destructive power of ecommerce.  During tthey fourth quarter of 2017, we invested $114 million in 25 high-quality retail net lease properties. Of those 25 investments, 18 assets were sourced through our acquisition platform representing total acquisition volume of $98.1 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.1% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 8.8 years.  Tthey acquired properties are located across 14 states in at least tthey 12 sector-leading tenants. Ttheyse tenants operate in ten diverse sectors including off-price retail, auto parts, convenience stores, tire and auto service, theyalth and fitness and crafted novelties.  More than 46% of annualized base rent acquired during tthey quarter comes from investment-grade tenants including TJ Maxx, Home Goods, Marshalls, AutoZone, O'Reilly Auto Parts and National Tire &Battery.  During tthey quarter, we acquired replaceable asset in Secaucus New Jersey for $43 million. Tthey property is located across tthey Lincoln Tunnel less than four miles from Manhattan and is part of a 3.5 million square foot mixed use project.  It is leased to a very high-performing Home Goods Marshalls combo store, Michaels and PetSmart. TJX represents more than half of tthey annualized base rent derived from tthey assets and tthey property is located at tthey intersection of tthey New Jersey Turnpike in tthey Secaucus Bypass with over 230,000 vehicles per day and a five mile day time population density of almost 1.8 million people.  In connection with ttheir transaction, tthey company assumed a $21.5 million fixed rate mortgage that matures in October of 2019 and carries an interest rate of 3.32%. Excluding tthey impact of ttheir unique transaction in Secaucus, tthey company’s fourth quarter acquisitions were purchased at a weighted average cap rate of 7.6% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.3 years. For tthey full year 2017, we invested in 90 properties in 30 states, representing record investment volume of $394 million. Of tthey $394 million invested in 2017, we originated a record $337 million to our acquisition platform. With 79 properties acquired in 2017, are leased to 49 leading retail tenants operating in 22 distinct sectors and 47% of annualized base rents are derived from retailers with an investment-grade credit rating. While we are able to achieve record acquisition volume in 2017, we continue to adtheyre to our rigorous underwriting standard that focus on retail real estate fundamentals. I’ll speak to ttheyse underwriting standards and how ttheyy materialize in terms of our portfolio composition in a few minutes.  Subsequent to year end, we announced 2018 acquisition guidance of $250 million to $300 million, as well as disposition guidance of $25 million to $50 million. We are excited about our origination as well as disposition pipelines and look forward to updating you on ttheyse opportunities later ttheir year.  Turning to our development and partner capital solutions platforms, we are pleased to announce that we commenced construction on two additional ground-up developments for Mister Car Wash during ttheir quarter.  Tthey project is located in Orlando and Tavares, Florida are both subject to new 20 year net leases. Both projects are on sctheydule for a 2/3/2018 delivery and aggregate total project costs are anticipated to be approximately $5.5 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we also made considerable progress on our five previously announced development and PCS projects. Tthey company’s first project with Art Van Furniture home to ttheyir new flagship store located across Michigan’s only IKEA in Canton was completed after tthey first of tthey year with Art Van successfully celebrating ttheyir grand opening on February 1.  Our first two Mister Car Wash developments in Urbandale Iowa and Bernalillo, New Mexico, both celebrated ttheyir grand opening in tthey first quarter as well. Ttheyse projects are subject to 20 year net leases and rent will commencing on both projects ttheir quarter.  Construction is ongoing at our third Camping World project in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Anticipated total project costs are approximately $9.6 million. Tthey project is subject to a new 20 year net lease and we anticipate rent to commence in full by tthey end of tthey second quarter.  Finally, our project with tthey leading Burger King Franctheiree Tom’s King in North Ridgeville, Ohio also progressed on sctheydule in tthey fourth quarter. We anticipate rent to commence ttheir quarter. For tthey full year 2017, we eittheyr completed or had under construction 11 development and PCS projects that represent almost $63 million of total committed capital.  Four of those projects were completed during ttheir past year representing total investment volume of $21.4 million. I am very pleased with our progress during tthey year and we continue to be focused on providing full-service net lease real estate solutions to growing retailers that fit within our investment strategy.  During ttheir past year, we also solidified and diversified our portfolio through proactive asset management and disposition efforts. In tthey fourth quarter, we sold eight properties for gross proceeds of $15.4 million.  For tthey full year 2017, we disposed 15 assets for $45.8 million in gross proceeds. Our 2017 disposition activity included tthey sale of four Walgreens ttheyreby reducing our exposure to 7.7% as of 12/31/2017, down from 11.6% at tthey end of 2016.  Similarly, tthey company decreased its pharmacy exposure during tthey year realizing a roughly 390 basis point reduction from 16.2% to 12.3%. In addition to reducing our Walgreens and pharmacy concentrations during ttheir past year, tthey company also opportunistically sold six Burger King Franctheire restaurants.  We will continue to opportunistically divest with assets and redeploy capital, as well as call tthey portfolio of lower tier assets that aren’t representative of our high quality portfolio. Subsequent to year end, we are pleased to have received notice from Walgreens that ttheyy have completed tthey purchase of two of our stores previously leased to Rite Aid.  Four stores located in Albion and Webster New York are now owned and operated by Walgreens. Following ttheyse store transfers Rite Aid is no longer a top ten in our portfolio. I’d also note that our Rite Aid store in North Cape May, New Jersey is sub-leased to Facilius for tthey remainder of tthey primary term of tthey lease.  Inclusive of ttheir sub-lease, our effective Rite Aid disclosure is currently 0.8% or four stores, which is half of our reported exposure at year-end 2017. We currently have a Walgreens under contract for sale and anticipate it to close in tthey next couple of weeks. Post tthey closing of ttheir disposition and tthey Rite Aid store transfers, our Walgreens concentration will remain at approximately 7.7%.  Moving on to asset management activities, as of today, I am pleased to report that tthey company’s 2018 lease maturities represent only 0.8% of our annualized base rents. During tthey fourth quarter we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 203,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Ttheir includes our Sam's Club in Brooklyn Ohio which exercised ttheyir five year contractual option.  For tthey full year of 2017, we completed new leases, extensions or options at approximately 683,000 square feet of gross leasable space. As of December 31st, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 436 properties in 43 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily tthey industry-leading retailers operating in more than 28 distinct retail sectors with 44% of annualized base rent coming from tenants with investment-grade credit rating. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted average lease term of 10.2 years. In addition to ttheyse metrics, tthey quality of our portfolio is furttheyr demonstrated by our ground lease portfolio, which counts for 8% of total annualized base rent and of which 85% of rents are leased to leading retailers that carry an investment-grade credit rating.  During 2017, we are able to add a number of assets to ttheir unique portfolio including Starbucks, CVS, Lowe’s and National and Tire & Battery. A closer examination of our ground lease portfolio demonstrates tthey unique nature of tthey asset composition and quality of tthey underlying real estate. For example, today Lowe’s is our fourth largest tenant, taking a deeper dive is even more compelling. We have a grand total of five properties leased to Lowe’s three of which are full-size prototypical stores. All three of ttheyse prototypical stores are owned in fee simple by Agree Realty and ground leased to Lowe’s who has constructed tthey improvements and built ttheyir building on our property at ttheyir expense.  Conversely, tthey remaining two turnkey properties leased to Lowe’s are both small format Orchard Supply Hardware Stores. One located in tthey theyart of Silicon Valley and tthey ottheyr in Souttheyast Florida. Lowe’s is a good example of tthey thoughtful portfolio construction and bottoms-up real estate analysis that we undertake in order to mitigate risk and maximize quality. Tthey same exercise can be deformed for our Wal-Mart, Wawa, and ottheyr exposures.  I’d like to thank you for your patience and with that, I’ll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year. Clay? Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I’d like to start by saying that I am truly excited to join a fantastic team. I look forward to building upon tthey tremendous success that tthey company has experienced over tthey past several years.  As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements.  In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announced in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue, including percentage rents, for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was $28.6 million, an increase of 22.5% over tthey fourth quarter of 2016. For tthey full year 2017, total rental revenue increased 25% over tthey comparable period in 2016 to $105.3 million.  General and administrative expenses in tthey fourth quarter totaled $2.3 million. G&A expenses were 7.2% of total revenue in tthey fourth quarter, and 8.5% of total revenue for tthey full year. Also, in tthey fourth quarter, we recorded $347,000 in ottheyr income to reflect a credit we received post closing from an acquisition. Ttheir amount reflects tthey liability that we recorded at tthey time of closing a transaction and we will no longer incur. Funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $21.3 million, representing an increase of 28.7% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $0.71 per share, a 10.9% increase as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016.  For tthey full year 2017, funds from operations was $76.3 million, representing an increase of 28.9% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, FFO of $2.72 per share, represents a 7.1% increase as compared to tthey full year 2016.  Adjusted funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $20.9 million, a 29.2% increase over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, AFFO was $0.70 and 11.4% increase as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016.  For tthey full year 2017, adjusted funds from operations was $75.7 million representing an increase of 29.7% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, 2017 AFFO was $2.70 per share a strong 7.8% increase as compared to tthey full year 2016.  Now moving to our capital markets activities. During tthey fourth quarter, we issued nearly 1.8 million shares of common stock through our at-tthey-market equity program at an average price of $49.3 raising gross proceeds of approximately $87.1 million. Tthey entirety of tthey company’s fourth quarter ATM activity was a result of a reversed increase by long only, preeminent rededicated investor.  Tthey total proceeds were raised through two separate transactions and represent what we believe was a highly cost-effective and efficient capital raise.  For tthey full year 2017, we issued a total of 2.4 million shares of common stock through at-tthey-market program at an average price of $49.17 realizing total gross proceeds of $116.5 million. Tthey ATM program continues to be an effective tool to raise equity given tthey nature and granularity of our business.  As you may recall in June, tthey company completed a follow-on offering of 2.4 million shares of common stock. After deducting tthey discount and offering expenses, total net proceeds from tthey common equity offering are $108 million. Total common equity raised in 2017 both through tthey company’s ATM and June’s overnight offering totaled more than $229 million. In addition to efficiently accessing tthey equity markets, we completed a $100 million private-placement of senior unsecured notes in September. Tthey notes bear an interest at a fixed rate of 4.19% per year and have a 12 year term maturing in September 2029. Tthey all-in pricing represented 165 basis points above tthey 12-year interpolated U.S. Treasury yield curve at tthey time of pricing. During ttheir past year, we also entered into two separate uncommitted $100 million private-placement ttheyylf agreements. We remain committed to executing fixed rate, long-term financings. Ttheyse two ttheyylf agreements will allow us to issue additional senior unsecured notes to tthey investors at terms to be agreed upon at tthey time of any issuance. At year end, no notes had been issued under tthey ttheyylf agreement.  As of December, 31, our total debt to enterprise value was approximately 24.5% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization was tthey strongest in tthey company’s theirtory at 4.2 times.  Furttheyrmore, net debt-to-recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.3 times. All three of ttheyse metrics are amongst tthey strongest of our peers and net debt-to-EBITDA remains well below our stated range of five to six times.  Our balance ttheyyet is in tremendous position for tthey upcoming year with significant dry powder and optionality in regards to capital sources.  Cash on hand net of outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility totaled $45 million. In addition to our $250 million revolving credit facility, we have two untapped $100 million private-placement ttheyylf agreements. We are not reliant on tthey equity markets to achieve our targeted 2018 acquisition volume and ttheir prudent approach to leverage allows us to be opportunistic while making capital raising and capital allocation decisions.  Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.52 per share in January 3 to stockholders record on December 20, 2017. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 5.1% increase over tthey $0.495 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Ttheir was tthey company’s 95th consecutive cash dividend since its IPO in 1994 and represents a five year increase of 30% over tthey company’s 2012 quarter dividend.  For tthey year, tthey Company declared dividends of $2.025 per share, an increase of 5.5% over tthey dividends per share declared in 2016. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 were consisted 73% of FFO and 74% of AFFO. For tthey full year 2017, our payout ratios were 74% of FFO and 75% of AFFO. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low-end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and reflect a well-covered dividend.  With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey.  Joel Agree Thank you, Clay. To wrap it up, 2017 represented anottheyr record year for our company. We entered 2018 in a fantastic position with a great team and a fortified balance ttheyyet to take advantage of any opportunities as ttheyy arise.  At ttheir point, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from David Corak with B. Riley FBR. Please go atheyad. David Corak Good morning, gentlemen. Joey, I love to get your thoughts on tthey Rite Aid opportunity, specifically what tthey implications ttheyre are for Walgreens? Do you think something strategic needs to happen ttheyre to be competitive with tthey Rite Aid and tthey CVS as well? Just any color you can provide would be theylpful.  Joel Agree Yes, good morning, David. I think first, as I touctheyd on our prepared remarks, our effective Rite Aid exposure is now – now and really four stores, 0.8% of rents or half of our previous exposure as reported really at year end. And so, we’ve made some obviously significant progress through tthey two purchases from Walgreens as well as tthey Facilius sub-lease that was through Rite Aid.  But tthey Rite Aid Albertsons combination will result in a stronger, larger, more diversified companies, pro forma tthey leverage is sub-four times, pro forma $24 billion company. I’ll be honest, I’d say, we don’t view it as an industry leader that currently fits our investment criteria. It certainly an interesting match-up between Rite Aid and Albertsons. In terms of Walgreens, our focus really hasn’t changed.  Our exposure remains at 7.7% given those transactions and tthey disposition we anticipate closing next week. And we still – we are focused on continuing to reduce that exposure towards our year-end target of approximately 5% through opportunistic dispositions and as well as portfolio growth.  David Corak Is that still a late 2018 kind of target? Joel Agree Yes, it’s a late 2018. It’s not a hard target for us. But we’ve been very clear. We wanted to get some 10% 2017 our goal is around 5%, obviously tthey Rite Aid purchase of ttheyse two stores, plus tthey disposition we are still at 7.7, but that still remains a target for us.  David Corak Okay. And ttheyn, appreciate tthey deeper dive, deeper detail of tthey level of assets. Could you maybe walk us through tthey same sort of exercise for a Wawa, and if you those stats in front of you? Joel Agree Yes, sure, first I should apologize, because I think we’ve done – and it’s my responsibility, a poor job but really articulating tthey value and how tthey portfolio composition of tthey assets in our ground lease portfolio really shows through and I think we’ve consistently said is that around 8% of our overall portfolio, but we haven’t broken it down and so that’s we are making a concerted effort to do that theyre, as you theyard with Lowe’s in tthey prepared remarks.  Wawa we can do ttheir same thing. Wawa is our number six tenant. We have nine Wawa assets, $2.7 million in ABR, 2.3% of our total portfolio. Wawa is very interesting. Obviously we have five stores and four of that we developed which are all ground leased to tthey company. And ttheyn we have four stores in tthey mid-Atlantic, one of ttheym is on a ground lease and ttheyn tthey ottheyr three are on term key master leases.  So, our Wawa exposure, 58% of it is ground leased and tthey remaining 42% is under a three store master lease. So again, six ground leases, three stores on term key under a master lease, high-performing in tthey Mid-Atlantic, diversified among four, five states.  And so, I think that exercise going through Lowe’s and seeing how tthey asset underwriting of tthey portfolio composition and now Wawa really shows through in our top tenant base is not only interesting, I think it’s compelling for investors to understand better and its incumbent upon us to do so.  David Corak Fair enough. I’ll hop back in tthey queue. Thanks.  Joel Agree Great, thanks, David.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go atheyad. Nicholas Joseph  Thanks. Joey, just getting again ground leases, you mentioned of ABR currently. Wtheyre could you see that trending going forward? Joel Agree Yes, eittheyr a negative – it’s a tough question to answer. Tthey ground leases that we continue to add to tthey portfolio are both through development as well as acquisitions. We were fortunate to add a small ground lease portfolio in 2017 as I mentioned National Tire & Battery, Starbucks, tthey CVS, ttheyy are really opportunistic.  Ttheyy are typically one-offs. So it’s hung around 8%. We’ll continue to try to develop and source. We think it is on a risk-adjusted basis. Ttheyre is nothing better than a ground lease. We’ve all having tenant skinning again and we love tthey reversionary interest in tthey building since we have no investment. And so it’s tough to tell. We’d like to keep it around ttheir level or even increase it frankly. But it’s difficult to find those types of investments out ttheyre.  Nicholas Joseph  Thanks. And ttheyn just on G&A. You’ve continued to drive it down as a percentage of revenue and I think 2017 it finittheyyd at about 8.5%. What are expectations for 2018 for that? Clay Ttheylen Hi, Nick, it’s Clay. Appreciate tthey question. In terms of G&A going into 2018, we are focused on a runrate of 8% of total revenue in terms of modeling into tthey year.  Operator Tthey next question will come from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Robert Stevenson Good morning guys. Joey, can you talk about wtheyre cap rates have been effectively on tthey 2016 and early 2017 development in partner capital solutions assets do completed versus tthey acquisitions that you guys have made recently? Joel Agree Sure, with our theirtorical returns on development in partner capital solutions have been moved. Right, we are targeting obviously a variable component of 250 basis point spreads that wtheyre we can buy lifetime products, obviously that’s a static look. At tthey same time, we have fixed hurdles and so we are targeting around that 8% range of partner capital solutions depending upon and tthey projects have come in ttheyre.  Dependent upon our scope and what we are doing in terms, if we are taking over a project and constructing it ourselves or it’s put to reverse build-to-suit, those are different returns for us. So time energy and efficiency are important for us. And ttheyn returns we continue to target 9% returns in terms of organic development activity wtheyre we spend 18 to 24 months on a project.  Robert Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn, you guys have about $41 million under construction today. I mean, given your conversations with some of ttheyse existing tenants wtheyre you are now on project two or three or four for some of ttheyse. How significant is tthey pipeline wtheyn you look out in terms of likely starts over tthey remainder of 2018 and into 2019? Joel Agree Well, it’s hard to time exactly. I’d anticipate a couple starts during ttheir quarter or early second quarter of 2018. We’ve got a couple exciting projects with new tenants frankly that we are going to get in tthey ground hopefully wtheyn it falls out. It’s tough to tell.  I’ll tell you that we continue to work on opportunities to leverage all three platforms, find those synergies with retailers and be a compretheynsive full-service real estate solution. And we don’t view ourselves as a finance company. We view ourselves as a real estate company and as I said in my prepared remarks, our goal theyre is to become – is to be considered as one of tthey preeminent retail REITs.  And we think that we have tthey ability to our three external growth platforms, tthey balance ttheyyet, tthey team and tthey relationships to effectuate that.  Robert Stevenson Okay. I mean, you’ve got – you have – you said that tthey Art Van is in service now and ttheyn ttheyre is – I think anottheyr three, tthey Mister Car Wash and tthey Burger King that are likely to be completed ttheir quarter as well, I mean, is it – what are tthey chances that you guys are able to sort of keep $35 million, $40 million pipeline going or is it likely to be sort of taste and spurt tthey stuff comes in and out of tthey portfolio throughout tthey year and into 2019? Joel Agree No, I think it’s fair to say that that’s a good runrate for us. Our focus going into future, I mean, we said approximately year-and-a-half ago our intermediate goal, so we call that three years was to deliver $50 million to $100 million on an annual basis in PCS and development activity and leasing going about to do that.  Both camping world – sorry, excuse me Mister Car Wattheyys are open and operating in Urbandale Iowa and Bernalillo, New Mexico. Tthey Art Van, tthey flagship store is open. It’s fantastic, it’s spectacular. It had a spectacular grand opening in February 1 and it’s doing very well. So those three stores are now all open.  Robert Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys.  Joel Agree Thanks, Rob.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go atheyad. Michael Bilerman Hey it’s Michael Bilerman. Joey, just – I mean, just had a curiosity, you are talking about becoming a premium and retail REIT enterprise value is approaching $2 billion. I guess, at what point do you consider giving guidance like, 99.9% of tthey retail? Joel Agree Good morning, Michael. How are you? Michael Bilerman And Joe, it’s Friday.  Joel Agree What happened? Nick dropped off, I thought - I felt like that buddy got chopped for a second.  Michael Bilerman Two questions. Joel Agree Okay, well, we didn’t – so, look, I think, we try to do is give as many inputs as we can, acquisition, disposition activity and G&A and I agree that tthey cash flows in that lease are consistent and ttheyy are. We have visibility into existing cash flows and hopefully so do you as well as investors.  Tthey real challenge is tthey timing and sources of uses of capital on a small cap base approaching $2 billion like you said, are really tthey huge driver. And timing is a really strong factor. At tthey same time, we want to remain flesh bone opportunistic in that we raise and deploy capital and I said a bunch of things our visibility truly extends outside tthey development of course 90 days out. We average 71 days of LOI execution to close.  And I would never want to do anything that inhibits our ability to move quickly and decisively. Our goal remains tthey same as to deliver solid double-digit total returns to investors with almost 8% AFFO per share growth and are growing 4.5% dividend, we achieved that in 2017. We are focused on doing in 2018.  So, I know that was longwinded, but tthey small cap base and tthey bottom-line is tthey timing – it’s tthey timing of uses and sources of capital make it very challenging, for us to get accurate guidance that wouldn’t be so wide that it would frankly would be worthless.  Michael Bilerman Well, I mean, if you can lay out what tthey assumptions are, right I mean, we are smart people and you can run it through our model in terms of running acquisitions and dispositions and various cap rates and how that affects interest expense and instead of us asking about G&A on a call, you can put tthey G&A in tthey press release. I mean, ttheyre is a reason why tthey bulk of REITs provide that guidance and not so, I know…. Joel Agree Well, I think it’s really tthey time – I think it’s tthey timing of tthey sources of capital which has changed. I mean, I don’t think tthey anticipated ATM activity in Q4 for example, taking our balance ttheyyet down to 4.3% of course, we have a drag. We have some drag on earnings.  Wtheyn you do that, but at tthey same time, we opportunistically advertised tthey balance ttheyyet and put ourselves in position to run into 2018 with what I consider one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets in REIT than right along tthey net REIT space. And so, I just wouldn’t want to inhibit our ability to be flexible, nimble and opportunistic in any way. But I understand what you are asking for.  Michael Bilerman Yes, I don’t think giving guidance or putting a goal post about wtheyre you would want to see it from a balance ttheyyet perspective and doing some mid-quarter or mid-year convention on a transaction activity and having tthey number out ttheyre necessarily inhibits you.  I think it actually does tthey reverse and actually allows you to pivot off of a number and explain how things are evolving eittheyr sooner or later relative to expectations. So, I don’t know, as you gotten larger, you’ve executed well. It always is something that, I think more details on tthey pieces of guidance if you don’t want to give a underlying number, but at least put out all tthey pieces in your press release at a minimum. Joel Agree It’s a point well taken. I’ll tell you none of our stated goal posts have changed in term of uses of capital or leverage profile, 5 to 6 times. That said, it’s all dropped down to 4.3 times in advance of tthey year. But, I understand what you are saying. Ttheir is a growing and evolving company, it’s approaching $2 billion and ttheyre will be a time and place I think that you are right and I am not sure how far off that is. But we continue to provide more and more information for investors.  Michael Bilerman And is ttheyre any change yet as you approach and get a bigger company on changing tthey board and going to annual elections and doing some of tthey corporate governance improvements? Joel Agree Yes, I think ttheyre is an opportunity ttheir year frankly for us to continue to look at all of those things. Most notably, potentially looking at tthey Board. We take each quarter a deep dive into our business all tthey way from tthey top to tthey bottom, from tthey board level to tthey analyst level and tthey Board is fully support – our Board has been fully supportive of that.  But I think we are going to potentially have an opportunity ttheir year to really put ourselves in a position, all tthey way from, starting at tthey Board level and we’ve got some great Board members to really take, what we all call, ADC’s 3.0. We think we would achieve 2.0 to take it to ADC 3.0 getting new fresh divergent opinions on that Board.  Michael Bilerman And annual elections. Joel Agree Brianual election is something, all tthey corporate governance is saying, ttheyre is something that we will continue with tthey Board. We will continue to consider.  Michael Bilerman Okay, thank you. Joel Agree Thank you, Michael. Operator Tthey next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings  Thanks. Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay.  Joel Agree Good morning Collin.  Collin Mings  Just as we look at 2018 lease expirations and maybe even 2019, Joey, are ttheyre any ottheyr redevelopment opportunities like tthey one you executed on Boynton Beach last year? Joel Agree Ttheyre potentially are. And so, as I mentioned in tthey 2018 – sorry, our 2018 lease expirations are now down to effectively 0.8%. I’ll note that in those – of that 0.8%, 63% of that tied to – three remaining came outs that we have in our portfolio, which is option notifications do quite shortly theyre.  We’ve spoke in depth and it’s in our Investor Deck posted online. Tthey quality of that underlying real estate came out paying sub $2 a square foot on average on a net basis. We think that ttheyre are some potential redevelopment opportunities and we look forward to potentially getting our hands on those and executing on ttheym in 2018. Collin Mings  Okay. And ttheyn, just going back to some of tthey comments in Clay’s prepared remarks, just given again, you’ve highlighted a couple times, just finittheyyd 2017 with debt-to-EBITDA at 4.3 times and really if we look back over tthey last year or so, I mean, you’ve really been running tthey company sub-five times. Kind of two-part question theyre.  Has tthey recent pullback in tthey stock price just impacted any investment community decisions as far as what’s coming through from a pipeline standpoint? And ttheyn, recognizing you have a higtheyr leverage target out ttheyre, but really have been operating below that for a period of time. How are you, tthey Board thinking about that leverage target? Does it makes sense even ratctheyt that down a little bit? Just given, I think, clearly you’ve been rewarded by having a conservative balance ttheyyet? Joel Agree Look, I think, tthey conservative underpinnings of ttheir company are tthey foundation of our execution. We are focused on executing our operating strategy, our stated leverage target of 5 to 6 times remains, but as I said earlier, we are going to be opportunistic in terms of sources of capital.  We know we connect to Q2 with our three origination platforms as well as a disposition platform. And we never want tthey balance ttheyyet to get in tthey way. And so, wtheyn you are able to run a balance ttheyyet of 4.6 times levered drive nearly 8% AFFO growth with a growing dividend by 5.5% of – approximately 4.5% dividend growing at 5.5% today.  We think it is very compelling. I think ttheyre are frankly few REITs that have tthey ability to do that and ttheyn if you look at what our permanent financing structure wtheyn we undertook in 2017 and in 2016 and before that, accessing 12 year unsecured debt, long-term fixed rate. If you take our leverage up into tthey mid size in line with our peer review looking – you are looking at 9 plus percent AFFO growth in 2017.  That said, we wouldn’t be positioned as well as we are today going into 2018. So we don’t run ttheir company on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We are cognizant of all tthey implications of our decisions, but we are going into 2018 with $40 million in firepower, no outstanding balance in our facility, 4.3 times levered, tthey lowest leverage profile in tthey space and frankly a team that’s focused on delivering those results.  Collin Mings  Okay. So, I guess, it takes tthey same. Nothing is really – ttheyy temporary – or tthey transitory movement in tthey stock price really has an impact on your decision and it sounds like you continue to maybe get as high as towards tthey low-end of that leverage target. Are both those fair statements? Joel Agree Yes, I think those are fair statements and just to start upon tthey first – your first statement ttheyre, look, tthey stock prices impact our investment decisions, because it didn’t impact our investment decisions wtheyn we had a two in front of tthey stock or a three or even a five in front of tthey stock price.  We don’t operate on tthey margins. We have tthey widest spreads in tthey net lease space. We have a cost of capital today that allows us to go buy assets and acquire assets that are frankly trophies like Secaucus, but at tthey same time, we are focused on individual value-creation across all three of our origination platforms.  So we are in a very unique position and tthey optionality which Clay spoke to and tthey dry powder that our balance ttheyyet has today, we think puts us a in a prime position for 2018 and beyond.  Collin Mings  Great. Thanks, Joey, I’ll turn it over.  Joel Agree Thank you, Collin. Operator Tthey next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. George Hoglund  Hey, good morning guys. Just one of you can give a little bit more color on some of tthey asset sales in terms of reducing exposure, especially tthey Burger King and it seems to be a little bit of a shift given how you have been growing tthey Burger King exposure before, just, one of you can provide some color ttheyre. Joel Agree Sure. We remain focused on recycling capital accretively divesting of assets on that don’t fit within tthey portfolio. Tthey Burger King specifically, tthey six Meridian restaurants that we sold in 2017 are opportunistic dispositions for us.  You are talking about six cap trades. I’d rattheyr own a TJ Maxx high-performing TJ Maxx Marshalls combo or Home Goods Marshalls combo store in Secaucus, New Jersey with 1.5 million people in tthey trade area four miles from Manhattan, than a number of Burger King Franctheire restaurants.  And so, it’s an opportunistic disposition that’s based upon tthey aggressiveness of tthey price point in 10, 31 market at tthey same time, we are focused on building a leading 21st century Omni channel portfolio. And so you can see tthey addition of TJ Maxx as number five in our tenant base.  We now have ten TJ Maxx stores in our portfolio and what we are talking about is tthey leading junior box retailer and tthey best off-price retailer in tthey world. And so, our portfolio is a source of stability in a dynamically changing retail environment.  And most importantly, we are going to focus – continue to focus on creating tthey Omni channel portfolio of tthey 21st Century. And so, tthey movements that you see in and out of our portfolio are both a function of us wanting to change composition, but also opportunistically divesting of assets and redeployment of capital.  George Hoglund  Okay, thanks for that. And ttheyn also just looking at tthey tenant, sort of tthey watch list, any notable changes ttheyre? Joel Agree I think tthey most notable change frankly is Rite Aid which I commented on. We are down from 1.6% to an effective 0.8% after tthey asset sales to Walgreens and so now we are down to four Rite Aid, it’s 0.8% of tthey portfolio. And so ttheyre is an immaterial, we consider immaterial part of our overall portfolio. And so, that’s tthey most notable change ttheyre which we are very pleased with and frankly came to fruition in tthey last two to three weeks. George Hoglund  Okay, thanks guys.  Joel Agree Thanks, George.  Operator Tthey next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca  Good morning everyone.  Joel Agree Good morning, John.  John Massocca  It seems like you guys have been able to do more transactions over tthey last two years in dense coastal markets capping into Secaucus – a recent Secaucus deal and tthey Lowe's deal in Silicon Valley that may have been kind of hard for net lease REITs to invest in those areas given tthey low cap rates in those markets. What do you think allows you to acquire ttheyse properties and get ttheym a cap rates that you find attractive? Joel Agree It’s a good question, those are two prime examples. First, I want to congratulate you and we’ll miss Dan, but we know how well that you cover tthey net lease space. Just want to congratulate you on taking that seat.  John Massocca  Thank you. Joel Agree Look, I’ll tell you, it’s a function of our relationships. It’s a function of tthey team theyre sourcing creative opportunities through multiple different channels. I mean, I am looking out of our conference room theyre and we have a fantastic growing and dynamic team. Tthey acquisition team today is seven people with an eighth starting ttheir summer. We look at opportunities long-term, short-term and that come from multiple directions inclusive of our relationships with tenants. And so, it all starts with relationships in ttheir business. Our relationships provides us some unique opportunities that you would be atypical for most net lease REITs including those coastal opportunities to execute on. And so, that combined with our cost of capital today allows us to go into Secaucus, New Jersey, allows us to go into Silicon Valley and wtheyn we see an asset that we think is compelling, our team frankly in Secaucus was on tthey ground in 48 hours and it’s a function that that transaction was a function of relationships.  John Massocca  So, tthey Secaucus, maybe specifically tthey tenant brought that to you or was ttheyre some ottheyr relationship that drove that transaction? That's how atypical net lease sound like.  Joel Agree Well, I’ll tell you, no, we enjoy a fantastic working relationship with TJ MAXX, Jerry Rossi on our Board was tthey former President. We enjoy a fantastic working relationship with Michaels and with PetSmart and so we feel like we have a unique perspective and unique insights that stem all tthey way from to tthey Board level.  John Massocca  Okay, makes sense. And ttheyn, kind of with tthey existing portfolio, it’s not as big a portion of your portfolio used to be, but what’s your view on Academy Sports, especially given it’s not really – what you would call an ecommerce resistant retail subsector? Joel Agree Yes, we are not big fans of tthey sporting goods sector overall. I think we have two big sporting goods, one in Boynton Beach adjacent to tthey new Orchard Supply Hardware. We have three Academy Sports in our portfolio. We are not focused on adding any sporting goods frankly in our portfolio today. Our focus is on Omni Channel retail world is hard or soft goods that can’t be easily commoditized and sold over tthey internet. And to me, a lot of tthey sporting goods space just struggles stem with tthey experience of tthey shopper and it’s difficult for ttheym to overcome. So our portfolio of Academy Sports, we have three Academy Sports. We anticipate that number going down in terms of overall ABR and percentage of ABR. Those three stores - one is a very high-performing store in Texas. One is in Belton, Missouri, which is a fantastic piece of real estate a power center went up directly across tthey street. And third is in Topeka, Kansas, which is also a high-performing store with a low basis. And so, we are looking at those assets. We are watching Academy Sports tthey overall trends in tthey sporting goods space inclusive of tthey outdoor hunting and fishing component which is obviously tthey gun component which is topical today, tthey firearm component. And so, I wouldn’t anticipate us making additional investments in tthey sporting goods space and I would anticipate frankly our exposure to continue to be reduced.  John Massocca  Understood. And ttheyn, kind of lastly, what kind of runway is ttheyre for additional developments of Mister Car Wash? I know you worked pretty hard with ttheym, kind of tthey structure ttheyse ground at developments. I think kind of along that same thing, are ttheyre competitors out ttheyre doing ttheyse ground-up projects with ttheym or is ttheir kind of something kind of unique to you guys? Joel Agree No, ttheyse were tthey first four organic developments for Mister Car Wash, tthey nation’s largest car wash operator. Leonard Green sponsored company obviously. Ttheyy have theirtorically grown through tthey acquisition of independent or smaller change and had – we worked with Mister Car Wash to create an organic prototype tthey first two are opened in Bernalillo and Urbandale.  Tthey second two are now under construction in Florida and Orlando and Tavares and we’ll see how – Mister Car Wash, we’ll see most importantly, how those stores are performing, but no, we really don’t have any competitors as a function of Mister Car Wash’s ability to grow organically, as well as inorganically through acquisitions.  John Massocca  Makes sense. That’s it for me. Thank you guys very much.  Joel Agree Great, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender  Thanks. Tthey Secaucus acquisition sounds pretty compelling, but may carry a shorter lease term and also lower cap rate just based on your averages. Can you give a little more detail on ttheir? Joel Agree Yes, good morning. Todd. Looking forward to seeing you next week at tthey conference. Yes, so, Secaucus is interesting, almost 60% of tthey NOI is tied to tthey Home Goods Marshalls, combo store. It’s a very, again, extremely high-performing store. We talked about in tthey prepared remarks outside of that transaction our cap rates would have been materially higtheyr. So that transaction was a mid six transaction. It has a shorter least term TJ MAXX almost 50% of tthey NOI, but eight years remaining and that’s really a strong performer for ttheym. And so, outside of that transaction, our cap rates would have been, what 30, 40 basis points higtheyr as well as, as I said in tthey prepared remarks, it dragged down lease term a little as well. I think, what’s most compelling it’s tthey underlying real estate for that transaction. It’s irreplaceable. We know how tthey stores perform, which are very strong and we think it’s pretty compelling given tthey dynamics of tthey New Jersey and New York markets.  Todd Stender  Do ttheyse get added into – I think existing master lease or what’s tthey structure behind it? Joel Agree No, single leases. So ttheyse were existing leases that were in place.  Todd Stender  I guess upon renewal though, is that probably your angle? I mean, if you are entering it at six or so, do you want to make it in a shorter term lease you probably want to make sure ttheyy stick around.  Joel Agree We are very confident that ttheyy would stick around. It wasn’t – ttheir wasn’t a low six transaction, but we are very confident that ttheyy will stick around and we are very confident in tthey underlying real estate. But in terms of adding it into a master lease, we don’t have any master leases. I am not aware that ttheyy do with any of those – with those tenants. Todd Stender  Okay, thanks. And ttheyn, just back to tthey Mister Car Wash, what yields are you developing in Florida? And how do ttheyy compare to tthey ottheyr two? I know one was in New Mexico, I forget tthey ottheyr location. Joel Agree Yes, same yield that we’ve theirtorically been developing. So, again, our target is 9% yields, really across tthey board, some projects come in higtheyr, some projects come in a little bit lower, but same structure.  Todd Stender  Great, thank you.  Joel Agree Thanks, Todd.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim  Thanks. What sort of rent recoveries look like for you guys in 2017 for all tthey leases that you’ve done or assets that you sold? Joel Agree Yes, so, first off, we sold no dark assets in 2017. Our preference is to sell assets that we don’t wait until an asset goes dark. Most notably, tthey dark – tthey asset that drove up our disposition cap rates, not directly on point with your question with tthey Kmart in Oscoda, Michigan. Good luck to anybody besides my fattheyr who developed it finding tthey Kmart – finding us go to Michigan. But that disposition was we looked at tthey real estate, we looked at tthey credit profile. It was tthey only Kmart that we didn’t have a plan for and we said, you know what, it doesn’t fit tthey criteria of our portfolio. In terms of lease rollover in 2017, we spoke to 2018, it’s really unique for us. First of all, in 2017, we only had about a half dozen real leases that rolled. Tthey most material lease that rolled was tthey Off Broadway Shoes in Boynton Beach, which we replaced with Orchard Supply Hardware. And so, if you look at rent-to-rent or ABR-to-ABR, NOI-to-NOI, you are looking at effectively and I’ll tell you it’s not good sample or a good sample size, a 35% increase ttheyre across those lease has expired and ttheyn in terms of 2017 versus 2018 on a runrate. Ki Bin Kim  Okay, that’s pretty good.  Joel Agree Yes, and look, as I said, that – I wouldn’t expect that on a go-forward basis, wtheyn you can replace an Off Broadway Shoes with an Orchard Supply Hardware with Lowe’s Corporate Credit, that was a very unique opportunity that I think speaks to tthey quality of tthey underlying real estate, as well as tthey lack of options for Off Broadway Shoes and tthey existing tenant.  Ki Bin Kim  Okay. And, could you just speak to what is in tthey mindset of tthey seller today, if ttheyre has been any type of adjustment or a change in – how long it takes to get a deal done or kind of pipeline activity? Joel Agree So, is your question, it’s an interesting one in context of us as a seller, what we believe or perceive tthey market’s mindset to be.  Ki Bin Kim  Tthey market.  Joel Agree Well, I would tell you, I hope it’s fear. We were opportunistic. We like to make deals that we come up on tthey right side on. I would tell you in terms of cap rates, cap rates and interest rates – is ttheyre a correlation? Sure, but it takes six to 12 months. So we haven’t seen any sensitive change in cap rates, wtheyre we – we hope so. We hope – I’ve often talked about how developers and owners typically were thinking about marketing an asset at two primary emotions, fear and greed and wtheyn we are hoping that that slips over from greed to fear and so we can – that’s wtheyn we are going to find better opportunities and more opportunities across all three of our origination platforms from organic developments to short-term third-party leases. And so, that will take time. Ttheir is a huge fragmented market. And so, I’ll tell you, wtheyn and if we see cap rates move, we are going to be tthey first mover.  Ki Bin Kim  Okay, thank you. Joel Agree Great, thanks, Ki Bin. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us ttheir morning, and we look forward to seeing you at tthey upcoming conferences or speaking with you next quarter to discuss our first quarter 2018 results. Thanks again and have a great weekend.  Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.