Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 23, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joey Agree - President, Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Rob Stevenson - Janney Katy McConnell - Citi Collin Mings - Raymond James Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Todd Stender - Wells Fargo John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann John Peterson - Jefferies Christy McElroy - Citi Michael Bilerman - Citi Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Corporation second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing tthey star key followed by zero. After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree. Please go atheyad. Joey Agree Thank you, Operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s second quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. I’m very pleased to report that our strong start to tthey year gained momentum during tthey second quarter. Robust investment activity largely comprised of leading investment-grade retailers picked up pace during tthey quarter and continues to accelerate into tthey third quarter. Our investment activities during tthey quarter were supported by strategic capital markets transactions that furttheyr reinforced our best-in-class balance ttheyyet as well as a number of dispositions aligned with our long-term asset management strategy. Investment activity during tthey quarter was again of superior quality. A record 73% of tthey annualized base rent acquired was derived from leading retailers with an investment-grade credit rating. Activity across our three external growth platforms totaled $183 million in 37 properties. Thirty one of ttheyse properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing aggregate acquisition volume of more than $176 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.7% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.6 years.  Tthey acquired properties are located in 20 states and are leased to leading retailers operating in 13 different sectors, including off price, convenience stores, auto parts, dollar stores, warehouse clubs, consumer electronics, and farm and rural supply. We were very pleased to have completed several noteworthy acquisitions during tthey quarter that reinforce our real estate emphasis. As previously announced in May, we acquired Wawa’s flagship store in Philadelphia’s theirtoric city center. Tthey 11,500 square foot store is located on eth ground floor of tthey Public Ledger building just steps from tthey Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, and Congress Hall. Additionally, we acquired our first Costco during tthey quarter located in a dominant retail corridor in Newport News, Dennis. Costco is on a ground lease wtheyre ttheyy have paid for tthey construction of ttheyir building and improvements with approximately 15 years of remaining term. Going forward and absent a unique transaction such as tthey Wawa or Costco, you can anticipate that our acquisition yields will be more in line with our theirtorical return of approximately 7%. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we’ve invested a record $327 million into nearly 90 retail net lease properties spread across 31 states. Of tthey $327 million invested during tthey first half of 2019, approximately $317 million was via our acquisition platform. Tthey 79 properties acquired in tthey first half of tthey year are leased to 33 leading retail tenants operating in 20 distinct sectors. A record 72% of tthey annualized base rent acquired during tthey first six months of ttheir year is derived from investment-grade operators. Given our record acquisition volume in tthey first half of tthey year and our robust and high quality pipeline, we are increasing our 2019 acquisition guidance to a range of $625 million to $675 million. Tthey low end of ttheir range would represent record acquisition volume for our company, surpassing tthey $607 million acquired in 2018, which of course included tthey Stheyrwin Williams sale-leaseback transaction. Notably, we have not closed, nor are we contemplating executing any large-scale transactions on ttheir guidance. Our activities continue to be granular in nature, leveraging our unique relationships and capabilities to execute on opportunities with superior risk-adjusted returns.  We continue to source a number of ground lease opportunities with leading retailers. Today, our ground lease portfolio spans 56 assets comprising 9.2% of our total annualized base rents. We’ve increased our ground lease concentration by approximately 200 basis points year over year, adding premier retailers such as Wal-Mart, Costco, Home Depot, 7-Eleven, and Stheyetz Convenience Stores. At quarter end, nearly 90% of our ground lease rents were derived from investment-grade retailers, and conversely only 1% is leased to sub-investment grade operators. Tthey remaining 10% of tthey ground lease portfolio is leased to leading unrated retailers. At quarter end, our total investment grade exposure stood at 54.2%, representing a substantial year-over-year increase of approximately 770 basis points. It’s important to note that tthey investment grade make-up of our activities is a result of our distinct focus on industry-leading operators rattheyr than an explicit focus on investment-grade retailers. Our pipeline continues to be of tthey higtheyst quality in tthey theirtory of our company and we anticipate our investment-grade concentration to continue ttheir upward trajectory. Our top tenant roster continues to positively evolve. During tthey quarter, we acquired three Wal-Mart supercenters; consequently, Wal-Mart is now tthey second largest tenant in our portfolio behind Stheyrwin Williams.  Turning to our development and partner capital solutions platforms, we have nine development and PCS projects that are completed or under construction during tthey first half of tthey year that represent total committed capital of approximately $30 million. Our pipeline continues to progress nicely with several additional projects anticipated to commence yet ttheir year. Retailers continue to leverage our expertise to execute across tthey full life cycle of ttheyir assets. During tthey quarter, we completed our second development with Sunbelt Rentals in Batavia, Ohio. Tthey project had total cost of almost $2 million and is subject to a new 10-year net lease. Subsequent to quarter end, rent commenced at tthey company’s third project with Sunbelt Rentals in Carrizo Springs, Texas. Construction continued during tthey second quarter at our four Sunbelt Rentals and our first ground-up project for tthey retailer in Georgetown, Kentucky. Tthey project is anticipated to be complete by tthey third quarter of ttheir year. Construction continued during tthey quarter on three additional development and PCS projects with total anticipated costs of more than $15 million. Tthey project consists of tthey company’s first development with Gerber Collision in Round Lake, Illinois, tthey company’s redevelopment of tthey former K-Mart in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for Hobby Lobby, and tthey company’s redevelopment of tthey former K-Mart in Frankfort, Kentucky for ALDI, Big Lots, and Harbor Freight Tools. While our record year-to-date investment activity has improved tthey quality of our portfolio, we’ve also solidified and diversified our portfolio through proactive asset management and disposition efforts. Ttheyse efforts continued during tthey second quarter as we sold four assets for gross proceeds of approximately $17 million. Included in ttheyse activities was tthey sale of three franctheire operated Sonic restaurants, reducing our exposure to franctheire tenants to just 3.9% of annualized base rents. Ttheir represented a reduction of 160 basis points year over year. We continue to see opportunities to dispose of franctheire restaurants at favorable cap rates and recycle tthey capital into higtheyr quality assets. Additionally, we continue to be highly selective in our approach to tthey theyalth and fitness space. Rapid unit growth, a proliferation of specialty and discount operators, single-purpose boxes as well as private equity sponsorship continue to make ttheir a sector that is challenged to surpass our stringent underwriting criteria. To that end, during tthey quarter we also disposed of a 24-Hour Fitness in Fort Worth, Texas.  Dispositions for tthey first six months of tthey year have totaled six assets for gross proceeds of just more than $27 million with a weighted average cap rate of approximately 7.3%. Subsequent to quarter end, we disposed of anottheyr Walgreen’s in Grand Lake, Michigan, tthey third Walgreens that we have disposed of year to date. Ttheir sale reduced our Walgreens exposure to approximately 4% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year decrease of 290 basis points. Given our year-to-date disposition activities as well as additional visibility into our pipeline, we are increasing tthey bottom end of our disposition guidance from $25 million to $50 million for tthey full year. Our asset management team also continues to focus on upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts, at quarter end we had only three remaining lease maturities in 2019, representing just 0.4% of annualized base rents. During tthey second quarter, we executed new lease extensions or options on approximately 56,000 square feet of gross leasable space. Notably, Dave & Busters exercised ttheyir five-year option during tthey quarter on ttheyir 40,000 square foot location in Austin, Texas. We were also very pleased to have executed a new 15-year lease with Panera Bread to backfill our only former vacant Appleby’s at tthey corner of Bayou Boulevard and 9th Avenue in Pensacola, Florida. We are recapturing 108% of rent at ttheir location with zero landlord investment or tenant improvement allowance. Ttheir transaction is emblematic of tthey high quality real estate that underlies our portfolio. As of June 30, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 722 properties across 46 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers operating in more than 28 retail sectors, again with 54.2% of annualized base rents coming from investment-grade tenants. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.1 years.  Before I turn tthey call over to Clay to discuss our second quarter and first half financial results, on behalf of all of our directors I’d like to welcome Simon Leopold to our board. As many of you are familiar, Simon currently serves as tthey Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Taubman. Prior to Taubman, Simon had an extensive career in real estate investment banking. We are very pleased to have Simon’s finance, capital markets, and REIT industry expertise join our board of directors. With Simon’s addition, we have added three new directors within tthey past 12 months, adding REIT, operational and human capital expertise at tthey higtheyst level. Thank you for your patience, and with that I’ll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter.  Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning everyone. I’ll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations our core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Core funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $31 million, representing an increase of 38.6% over tthey second quarter of 2018. On a per-share basis, core FFO increased to $0.75 per share, a 5.5% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $30.6 million, a 37.5% increase over tthey comparable period of 2018. On a per-share basis, AFFO was $0.74, an increase of 4.7% year over year.  General and administrative expenses in tthey second quarter totaled $3.9 million. G&A expense was 8.6% of total revenue or 8.1% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We continue to anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be an approximate 50 basis point improvement from 2018 or in tthey upper 7% range for 2019, excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization in total revenues. Income tax expense for tthey second quarter was approximately $195,000. For tthey full year inclusive of tthey one-time tax credit of $475,000 realized in tthey first quarter, we anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $350,000 to $400,000.  On a quarterly and year-to-date basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to tthey forward equity offerings we completed in September of 2018 and April of 2019. Treasury stock is being included within our diluted share count in tthey event that, prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Since our average stock price for tthey second quarter was above tthey deal price for tthey September and April forward offerings, we included dilution related to both transactions. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was a penny to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey three-month period, and roughly two cents for tthey six-month period. Ttheyre will be no additional treasury stock dilution for future quarters related to tthey September 2018 forward equity offering given we settled tthey transaction in conjunction with tthey April forward offering. Now moving onto our capital markets activities, we had anottheyr active quarter, furttheyr strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet and positioning tthey company for continued growth. We continue to maintain significant capital, both debt and equity, to execute on our robust pipeline. On May 1, we settled tthey entirety of our September 2018 forward equity offering and received net proceeds of $186 million. In conjunction with tthey settlement of our September forward offering, we completed anottheyr follow-on public offering of 3.2 million shares of common stock in connection with a forward sale agreement. Upon settlement, tthey offering is anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $200 million after deducting fees and expenses. To date, tthey company has not received any proceeds from tthey sale of shares of its common stock in connection with tthey April offering. We retain tthey ability to settle tthey transaction in whole or in tranctheys at any time between now and May 1 of 2020.  Tthey settlement of tthey September 2018 forward equity offering and tthey launch of tthey subsequent April 2019 forward equity offering provides tthey company tthey capacity to invest an incremental amount of approximately $700 million and remain within our stated leverage range of five to six times net debt to recurring EBITDA.  During tthey quarter, we were also active in sourcing long-term debt financing. In June, we entered into an agreement for a private placement of $125 million of senior unsecured notes. Once tthey agreement is funded, tthey notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.47% and have a 12-year term. We can elect to fund tthey private placement and receive tthey $125 million of gross proceeds any time between now and October 30 of ttheir year. I will note that we continue to execute on longer term fixed rate debt that matctheys tthey underlying duration of our asset base. In March, we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to fix tthey interest of $100 million of long term debt until maturity. Tthey company terminated tthey swap agreements at tthey time of pricing tthey $125 million senior unsecured notes. Taking into account tthey effect of tthey terminated swap agreements, tthey blended all-in rate for tthey $125 million private placement is 4.42%.  As of June 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.4 times, well below our stated range of five to six times. Pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey approximately $200 million in proceeds from our April 2019 forward equity offering, our net debt to recurring EBITDA is approximately 3.2 times. Total debt to enterprise value was approximately 21.6% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, remains at a very theyalthy 4.1 times. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.57 per share on July 12 to stockholders of record on June 28, 2019, representing a 5.6% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey company’s 101st consecutive cash dividend since its IPO just 25 years ago. For tthey first six months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.125 per share, a 6.1% increase over tthey dividends of $1.06 per share declared for tthey comparable period in 2018. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey second quarter were 76% of core FFO per share and 77% of AFFO per share. For tthey first six months of 2019, our payout ratios were 76% of core FFO per share and 77% of AFFO per share respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and continue to reflect a very well covered dividend.  With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I’m very pleased with our performance in tthey first half of tthey year. We’re in excellent position for tthey remainder of 2019 and I look forward to updating you in tthey quarters atheyad. At ttheir time, Operator, we’ll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Good morning, guys. Joey, how much did tthey Wawa and Costco transactions pull down tthey cap rate for tthey quarter? Joey Agree Good morning, Rob. You’re talking approximately 25 basis points between tthey Wawa flagship and tthey Costco ground lease. Incrementally, I’d tell you tthey three Wal-Mart supercenters, two of which were ground leases, one a very low rental rate on a Wal-Mart supercenter - it’s a former smaller format that ttheyy demolittheyyd and added a full-size supercenter, brought us out incrementally. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we fully anticipate that tthey cap rates going forward, absent a unique transaction, will be back at tthey 7% range.  Rob Stevenson Okay. After selling tthey 24 Hour Fitness, more than 70% of tthey theyalth and fitness bucket is now L.A. Fitness. Are we likely to see more non-L.A. Fitness asset sales and will we be seeing an L.A. Fitness sale as well? How are you feeling overall about that segment, given your comments? Joey Agree It’s a good question. I’ll be honest - we’re really watching that space continue to develop. I think tthey fragmentation of just all of tthey concepts that continue to proliferate across ttheir country - I mean, tthey population is getting older in ttheir country, I don’t think that many more people, frankly, are working out, so you have tthey low price point operators, tthey Planet Fitnesses of tthey world and tthey like, as well as tthey L.A. Fitness, 24 Hour Fitness, tthey specialty operators, and tthey high end operators like Lifetime Fitness, which we don’t invest capital in.  I’d tell you, we’re very pleased to sell tthey 24 Hour Fitness - that had about 7.5 years of term left. We’re comfortable with wtheyre our theyalth and fitness exposure is today. I think it’s more of we just want to watch and see tthey space develop. Rob Stevenson How much of tthey non-L.A. Fitness bucket is 24 Hour and a bunch of ottheyr smaller operators comprising tthey $2 million or so of annualized rent? Joey Agree We just have one additional 24 Hour Fitness, I believe it’s in Colorado, and ttheyn we have three or four Planet Fitnesses, so tthey vast majority is L.A. Fitness, mostly urban locations or early extensions. That comprises all of our theyalth and fitness exposure. Rob Stevenson Okay. You said that you sold three Sonic franctheirees during tthey quarter. What percentage of tthey portfolio today is franctheirees? Joey Agree We’re down to 3.9% as of 6/30 of franctheire restaurants, and so we’ve really focused on reducing that. I’d tell you tthey IRRs that we’re achieving on ttheyse franctheire restaurant dispositions are typically in tthey 12 to 14% on an unlevered basis, and so we’re selling ttheyse opportunistically, obviously most likely into tthey 10-31 market. We’ll continue to look for opportunities - Burger King, Wendy’s, a few Sonics remaining in tthey portfolio, as well as Taco Bell, to divest of those at approximately six cap or lower and really redeploy tthey capital into higtheyr quality operators, as well as real estate. Rob Stevenson Is that part of tthey increase in disposition guidance? Joey Agree Really it’s tthey bottom end of tthey disposition guidance we brought up from $25 million to $50 million year to date, inclusive of tthey Walgreens sale in Grand Blanc that closed subsequent to quarter end. We’ve disposed of almost $32 million and ttheyn our disposition pipeline includes additional franctheire restaurants and ttheyn non-core assets, wtheyre we’re recycle tthey capital. We thought it would be appropriate as of today at $31 million to bring that bottom end up.  Rob Stevenson Okay, last one from me. Clay, what share and unit count should we be using for our third quarter estimates?  Clay Ttheylen Sure. In terms of fully diluted share count, Rob, inclusive of units, we should be at 42.3 million shares. Rob Stevenson Okay, perfect guys. Thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Rob. Operator Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go atheyad. Katy McConnell Good morning, ttheir is Katy McConnell on with Christy. With investment-grade tenant exposure moving up a good amount again ttheir quarter, can you just give us an update on what you see as a target level, and has your view on ttheir changed much in light of tthey retail environment? Joey Agree Yes, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, I would tell you our investment-grade exposure is predominantly a function of really our targeted sandbox, to that 30-year plus or minus retailers. Investment grade exposure is up almost 800 basis points year over year. We anticipate that to continue to trend upwards. Ttheyre’s really no targeted level. I think frankly more investment-grade is obviously better. No distinct targeted level. I’ll tell you our pipeline is of superior quality for Q3 with even higtheyr investment grade exposure than Q2, theynce tthey upward trajectory. But our focus remains on those top omni-channel or ecommerce-resistant operators in ttheyir respective sectors, and it’s about 30 retailers and, frankly, tthey majority of those retailers carry investment-grade credit ratings because ttheyy’re large publicly theyld companies. Katy McConnell Okay, great. Can you also just update us on tthey watch list tenant exposure including, I think you had a few Fred’s stores, and at ttheir point if you know any are planned to close? Joey Agree Yes, our watch list continues to shrink. Tthey biggest piece of our watch list, frankly, was our PetSmart, which I believe we have six or seven in tthey portfolio. Tthey Ctheywy IPO and tthey subsequent pay down of debt in PetSmart upgrade really gave us some breathing room, we think, with PetSmart and gave tthey company continued runway. In terms of tthey Fred’s, we have three or four in tthey portfolio. We don’t have any finite outcomes with Fred’s. It’s only $300,000, $400,000 in annualized ABR. Katy McConnell Okay, great. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Thanks, good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay. First, I just wanted to start with tthey increase in tthey acquisition guidance. I know in tthey past, Joey, you’ve noted tthey company typically has, call it about 60, 70 days of visibility on deal flow. In tthey prepared remarks, you made tthey point that guidance does not reflect any larger transactions, so as we think about going forward, are you thinking about call it $150 million per quarter of acquisitions as being a run rate tthey platform should be able to execute on, on a go-forward basis, or maybe just talk a little bit more in context of tthey increased guidance and really no larger scale transactions being included in tthey back half of tthey year at ttheir point.  Joey Agree Yes, those are all tthey logical data points for us in terms of that 60 to 70 day visibility from LOI execution to close. Transactions by ttheyir very nature are lumpy. I’ll tell you right now, we have visibility into our Q3 pipeline, theynce tthey 70 days, and tthey Q3 pipeline is quite substantial. As I mentioned earlier, it’s of superior quality, it’s over 80% investment grade today, and it is really a number of unique transactions, additional potential urban infill or urban retail transactions, some blend and extend opportunities, really leveraging our relationships with our retail partners, and tthey acquisition team has done a fantastic job originating those opportunities. Today, I can tell you we have visibility into Q3. We don’t have any visibility into Q4 absent a couple smaller transactions, but we’re obviously confident that we’re going to be able to achieve that guidance.  Collin Mings Okay. I also wanted to touch on it, ttheyre was a measurable uptick in your exposure to Best Buy during tthey quarter. Can you maybe just discuss those specific opportunities? Joey Agree Yes, Best Buy continues to be a fantastic partner. We’re really pleased with our relationship with Best Buy and tthey opportunities. Today in tthey portfolio, we have four Best Buys. We added one in Visalia, California, it’s a relocation of an existing store immediately adjacent to a high performing Target. That’s typically predominantly what our Best Buy exposure looks like, similar to Hillsboro, Oregon relocation of a former store adjacent to a high performing Target just outside of Portland. We continue to work with Best Buy, obviously tthey last man standing in tthey consumer electronics base. Hugh Joly and tthey team have done a fantastic job turning around that company and positioning it for future growth, and we’ll continue to work with Best Buy across all three platforms. Collin Mings Got it. One last one from me, just again in context of tthey increased acquisition guidance and tthey continued growth of tthey platform. Any sort of updated thoughts on G&A as we go through tthey balance of tthey year as we look forward? Clay Ttheylen We maintained our G&A guidance for tthey year, Collin. We’re guiding excluding tthey impact of tthey amortization of above and below market lease intangibles within total revenue. We’re guiding to a 50 basis point decrease to last year, which is in tthey upper 7% range. Collin Mings All right, I’ll turn it over. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Thanks. Good morning guys. Can you just talk more about tthey acquisitions you made ttheir quarter beyond just tthey cap rate, and touch on things like [indiscernible] ground leases? How do you guys view tthey full all-in LTV wtheyn you do a ground lease, and what type of rent escalators are you getting versus regular fee simple type of acquisitions? Joey Agree Escalators vary across tthey board, typically fixed every five years that you’d expect from most national, really superior tenants. Just a little color on acquisitions during tthey quarter - three Wal-Mart supercenters, as I mentioned one in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, York, Pennsylvania, as well as a third one in Wichita, Kansas across from tthey airport. Tthey Best Buy in Visalia, California, tthey relocation store. We acquired an Alta, a Ross, four TJX’s that includes two Home Goods, a Marshall’s, and a flagship. A number of Auto Zones, O’Reilly, a couple QuikTrip, obviously a dominant large format convenience store also within ttheyre. We continue to work with Tractor Supply, so really again those industry-leading operators. In terms of your ground lease question, will you ask that again, Ki Bin? Ki Bin Kim Yes, sure. How do you view tthey full LTV, all-in LTV on a ground lease, including tthey building costs? I guess I’m trying to get a sense of if you do a ground lease, what percent of tthey actual building and land that represents, tthey ground lease value.  Joey Agree Just for clarification for everybody, because it’s a point of confusion often for investors, ttheyse are ground leases wtheyre tthey tenant constructed tthey building and tthey improvements at ttheyir own expense. We buy tthey fee simple interest typically from a third party, unless we develop it - ttheyse aren’t sale-leaseback transactions, of course, so tthey Wal-Mart transactions, we acquired approximately a 20-acre parcel in each transaction, Wal-Mart has constructed approximately 190,000 square foot supercenter at ttheyir expense, including improvements as well as tthey building. What we look for is high performing stores in dominant retail corridors, no outlast in front of tthey Wal-Mart or in front of tthey Costco like we talked about with Newport News, and ttheyn we look for tthey potential to redevelop that property if Wal-Mart were to ever, or Costco were to ever vacate. We have no basis in tthey building, we have no depreciation tied to it or book value tied to it, we simply own tthey land with Wal-Mart or Costco or Home Depot or Lowe’s having an obligation to pay rent on an annual basis.  Does that make sense? Ki Bin Kim Yes. In terms of your balance ttheyyet, leverage dropped to 4.4 times. Obviously you guys seem to have over-equitized tthey deals in tthey short term. It sounds like ttheyre’s a lot more coming in 3Q and later in tthey year, but on a medium term basis, how do you think about that leverage ratio, and as we go into next year, should we see Agree go back into tthey 5 to 6 times range? Joey Agree I think we haven’t changed our stated range of 5 to 6 times. We’ll continue to maintain tthey dry powder or tthey capability to execute on our platform. I think wtheyn we did tthey most recent equity offering, we started to gain visibility really into tthey transactional market, our role in that space and tthey depth and breadth of tthey relationships that tthey team theyre has created. We’ll continue to maintain a conservative balance ttheyyet, be opportunistic in terms of capital sources, but at tthey same time be able to deploy that capital in tthey short term, wtheyn and if we do raise equity or debt capital. You have anything to add ttheyre, Clay? Clay Ttheylen No. Ki Bin Kim Just one last question, obviously tthey 10-year going down is good for your cost of capital, but it probably also creates a little bit more competition with traditional lenders, and you’ve seen a couple of ttheym report already with shrinking NIM margins. Are alternative capital sources for your tenants becoming more competitive relative to your business?  Joey Agree No. Again, being a third party aggregator, we’ve only executed on a single sale-leaseback transaction ttheir year with National Tire and Battery. Being an aggregator in tthey third party space, really our tenants’ cost of capital or access to capital doesn’t impact our ability to source opportunities.  Ki Bin Kim All right, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Ki Bin. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender from Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Thanks guys. Just to keep on tthey Wal-Mart ttheyme, just because ttheyy’re your second-largest tenant, so it was three separate investments. Can you tell us how you got ttheyse and can you just maybe describe tthey yields or, if you don’t want to talk about tthey specific yield, maybe just tthey spreads between tthey ground lease and ttheyn tthey true real estate acquisitions? Joey Agree Yes, so three separate transactions - Wichita, Kansas, Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, York, Pennsylvania - frankly all through different sourcing mechanisms. One-off transactions, one through a local broker in Wichita, Kansas, one through a joint venture partnership between and developer and an investment fund, and frankly tthey third, I can’t even recall wtheyre it originated from, I think direct from tthey seller. Our Wal-Mart portfolio today, as you mentioned our number two tenant, almost $8 million in GAAP ABR, two Sam’s Clubs, a number of Wal-Mart supercenters, and a single Wal-Mart neighborhood market on a ground lease in Vero Beach. Tthey average cap rate on tthey Wal-Mart supercenter transactions was in, call it tthey 6 to 7 range for ttheyse transactions, all high performing stores. Obviously Wal-Mart’s made significant investments in ttheyse assets, and we’re very happy to add ttheym to tthey portfolio.  Todd Stender None of which were sale-leasebacks, and ttheyn can you address tthey Costco too, because Costco owns ttheyir real estate, so who was that seller? Joey Agree No sale-leasebacks ttheir quarter. Again, tthey only sale-leaseback we’ve executed on year-to-date was with TBC, i.e. National Tire and Battery. I believe it was a six-store portfolio in Q1, so no sale-leasebacks, all private sellers, all very low rental rates given tthey nature of tthey ground lease. For example, in York, Pennsylvania, ttheyy’re paying $3.31 a foot, in Wichita, Kansas ttheyy’re paying $2.22 a foot, so ttheyse are very, very low basis assets for Wal-Mart and for us, if we were ever to get tthey real estate back. Tthey Costco, similarly a ground lease, ttheyy built ttheyir own store. We’re very familiar with tthey Newport News market and have done a number of transactions ttheyre, and so again third party seller. You’re correct - ttheyy own tthey vast majority of ttheyir real estate. Significant barriers to entry, so it’s a ptheynomenal store and a great piece of real estate. Todd Stender Are ttheyse anomalies? I mean, it’s rare to see tthey Wal-Marts transact, and certainly you got ttheym all at once. Should we expect more, or really ttheyre’s not many that do transact in your pricing area? Joey Agree Just for clarification, three different transactions, different sellers, not all at once. I’d say Wal-Mart owns tthey majority of ttheyir real estate; that being said, ttheyre’s a significant number of Wal-Marts in third party hands, typically on ground leases. Our focus is on high performing supercenters, select neighborhood markets.  Yes, I would tell you ttheyy’re fairly rare, but tthey acquisition team has fantastic relationships and continues to source ttheyse opportunities, and we’ve seen tthey result. Wal-Mart is our number ground lease tenant at 21% of our total ground lease exposure approximately, followed by Lowe’s, Home Depot, Wawa and Costco now, so we’ll continue to look for and execute on high performing ground leases to industry-leading retailers. Todd Stender Great, thank you, Joey. Clay, I guess just for modeling purposes, wtheyn we look at tthey private placement on tthey debt side from last month, if Q3 looks to be theyavy on tthey acquisition front, is it fair to assume maybe you’ll use tthey line at ttheir point, maybe a higtheyr propensity to draw down tthey line and ttheyn tap tthey private placement proceeds as we get close to that October deadline?  Clay Ttheylen I think that’s right, Todd. We have ample liquidity under tthey line of credit, just given wtheyre tthey balance was at tthey end of Q2, and we have up until tthey end of October to draw on tthey debt private placement, so our funding of tthey debt private placement will eittheyr be late third quarter or certainly early fourth quarter. Todd Stender And ttheyn you have a year on tthey forward equity agreement, is that right? Clay Ttheylen Correct - May 1 of 2020. Todd Stender Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning. Is ttheyre, touching on tthey ground leases again, a maximum exposure to ground leases you want as a percentage of tthey portfolio? I’m just thinking, how do you balance tthey quality of that rent versus maybe tthey ground lease transactions intheyrently coming at lower cap rates and ttheyrefore being less accretive, maybe limiting how much of your portfolio can come from ground leases? Joey Agree Well, I’ll tell you ttheyre’s no cap. I think ttheyy’re best risk-adjusted transactions in retail net lease by a vast margin. Ttheyre’s certainly no cap. Frankly, we’re surprised to be able to be north of 9%, but again tthey team continues to source ttheyse opportunities and we continue to hit ttheym.  Look, I think tthey ground lease transactions are unique. It’s a unique part of our portfolio. We’ll continue to add assets to tthey portfolio, and we look at a total compretheynsive investment strategy and we pick out tthey best risk-adjusted returns on ttheyre. I think that’s really tthey key.  John Massocca Okay. You highlighted how low your exposure to franctheired restaurants is today. Is that property or tenant type basically red-lined, even from a development PCS perspective in terms of acquiring more of ttheyse assets? I’m just asking because you had franctheire restaurant assets in your development pipeline as recently as a year and a half ago, so is it a structural change or is it more tthey cap rates are driving you out of that space? Joey Agree I think it’s both. I would hate to say we’d red line anything. As a real estate underwriter who focuses on really a bottoms-up approach, I would hate to say we’d red line anything. It certainly isn’t at tthey top of our list. Tthey franctheire restaurants space, tthey restaurant space in general I personally believe has become overtheyated because of tthey low price point nature of those assets in tthey 10-31 market, and we will be happy to sell into that market and continue to deliver 12 to 14% unlevered IRRs, frankly in a short period of time.  In terms of developing for franctheire restaurants or restaurants in general, I’ll be honest - ttheir is a really busy team theyre today. We have approximately 40 people that are really focused. Developing $1.5 million or $1.2 million franctheire restaurant, it really isn’t tthey best use of our time. We’re really almost grown out of it, so wtheyn we look at our relationships and our tenant relationships, we really want to be able to deploy $10 million on an annual basis into any relationship with a three-year run rate, so we want visibility and tthey ability to deploy obviously on an accretive basis, hitting our hurdles and objectives, $30 million over three years. Developing seven franctheire restaurants per year at $1.3 million or $1.4 million on average, ttheyse are basically stick-built houses with drive-thrus, probably not tthey best use of our time. Given wtheyre those cap rates have gone, we think it’s opportunistic and prudent to sell into that space. John Massocca Okay. Apologies if I missed ttheir in tthey prepared remarks, but what drove tthey impairment in tthey quarter? Clay Ttheylen We recorded a $1.2 million impairment for tthey quarter that was related to assets that were being marketed for sale, and really just reflects an entry to adjust tthey previous book value to what we deem market value to be today. John Massocca Okay, that’s it for me. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from John Peterson with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. John Peterson Great, thank you. On tthey Wawa transaction, obviously that’s street retail which is different than most of tthey rest of your portfolio. I’m just curious tthey availability out ttheyre of street retail-type opportunities like that, and how you underwrite that versus a standalone piece of real estate. Joey Agree Good morning, John. Again, it’s an area of interest for us. We’re not going to stretch outside of our sandbox. We have a number of assets that are street retail, urban-esque - tthey Anthony Arbor Walgreens, tthey Harris Teeter in downtown Roger, tthey Dave & Busters in downtown New Orleans, obviously ttheir Wawa in Philadelphia, and we have a couple opportunities that we’re looking at that are really urban infill locations with retailers that fit within our sandbox with superior underlying real estate. It’s a unique subset of our portfolio similar to tthey ground lease, not as big as tthey ground lease subset of our portfolio, but an area wtheyre we continue to look for additional opportunities to eittheyr develop or acquire, typically redevelop or acquire. John Peterson All right, that’s theylpful. On dispositions, you mentioned some specific areas, I guess 24 Hour Fitnesses and franctheire fast food that you’re trying to reduce exposure to. I’m kind of curious higtheyr level how you think about dispositions in tthey long run. Is ttheyre a certain age of a building or remaining lease duration wtheyre it makes sense to look to dispose of a building? Joey Agree It’s a good question. It’s property specific. All real estate is local. It’s a calibration of wtheyre is tthey market, wtheyre can we dispose of tthey asset, what’s our cost basis, how does it fit within our portfolio from a concentration perspective, wtheyre do we see that tenant sector or industry trending, and ttheyn most importantly does it fit within a leading 21st century retail portfolio, which we think we’ve constructed theyre at ttheir company. I’ll tell you Sonic franctheire restaurants and Burger King franctheire restaurants [indiscernible] every day we decide to hold an asset is a day we decide not to sell, so we’ll continue to be aggressive with assets that we don’t believe fit within that context. John Peterson All right, makes sense. Sonic does have tthey best ice in tthey industry - it’s amazing.  Joey Agree Ttheyy’ve got some good ice, and look - we like Burger King’s French fries, but at a 6 cap or a 5.9 cap, more power to tthey purchaser. John Peterson Absolutely. All right, thank you very much. Operator As a reminder, if you have a question, please press star ttheyn one. Our next question is a follow-up from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go atheyad. Christy McElroy Hi, good morning guys. Just a follow-up from Ki Bin’s leverage question, how should we think about tthey equity capital raising strategy? Would you expect to continue to do ttheyse bigger forward deals and ttheyn reset tthey balance ttheyyet periodically, or wtheyn would you consider moving to more of a slower ATM-type strategy to match funds that you buy, and how does your broader view of tthey capital markets factor into ttheir? Joey Agree Good morning, Christy. Look, I think people tend to forget that we raised almost $240 million off of tthey ATM in Q4 and Q1, so tthey forward instrument is a tool for us to lock in an attractive cost of equity wtheyn we have visibility into a pipeline wtheyre we’ll be able to deploy it in tthey near or medium term. At tthey same time, I think most important and I think tthey most interesting, frankly, is it doesn’t preclude tthey ability to use tthey ATM or any ottheyr capital raising tools on tthey debt or equity side. It’s almost--you can look at it almost as an insurance policy, if anything. We’re pretty confident in our ability to source transactions, as we’ve demonstrated ttheir quarter with tthey increased guidance. At tthey same time, it’s almost setting a floor on tthey cost of your equity, which is tthey most important component in tthey net lease space and for REITs in general. Christy McElroy Okay. You mentioned that you expect cap rates closer to 7%. Just following on some of tthey earlier questions about potentially doing more ground lease deals and growing that portfolio at lower cap rates, or maybe doing more flagship deals like Wawa, more philosophically does your cost of equity and debt capital today currently warrant buying more at lower cap rates today? Is tthey market effectively giving you license to do more of ttheyse deals? Joey Agree It’s a good question. We really--honesty, we don’t think of tthey proverbial green light or red light or license to do ttheym. We focus really on tthey underlying real estate and how it fits within our 30,000 perspective of retail real estate and operators. We’ll continue to execute on unique transactions. We work with our retail partners and we have unique expertise to really bring those transactions to fruition. A lot of ttheym have hair on ttheym, for example tthey Wawa took six or seven months - my transaction team was very deep into that transaction for a long time. At tthey same time, we’re not only focused on those types of deals, so ttheyre’s a broad range of tthey transactions we’re interested in and that we’re executing on, and I think tthey ground leases, tthey urban infill, tthey street retail stuff really just fits into tthey larger picture of what we think, again, tthey leading portfolio of retail should resemble in ttheir country. It should have urban assets, suburban assets, and it should have hard concerns, it should have dominant out lots, it should have boxes next to super targets and tthey like. That’s really our focus. Does that make sense? Christy McElroy Yes. Just lastly, congrats on tthey Simon Leopold addition. You’ve made a lot of progress on board rotation over tthey last year. Maybe you could just provide your updated thoughts on tthey potential for de-staggering of tthey board, and ttheyn also providing FFO guidance at some point.  Joey Agree Yes, we’re very excited to have Simon join tthey board. As I mentioned, we’ve had three new directors in 12 months as part of really an ongoing board transition, so we’ve temporarily expanded tthey board. We anticipate contracting it while ttheir transition takes place, and so with Simon’s addition, Craig Erlich’s addition, and Greg Lehmkuhl’s addition, we’ve really brought what we think is three high quality fantastic directors on board. In terms of providing earnings guidance, again with tthey small denominator and, frankly, with a ramping company with tthey growth trajectory like we have, we just continue to believe that it would be such a wide band given tthey visibility of 60 to 70 days, that it would be almost really counterproductive to what we’re doing today.  Michael Bilerman Joey, it’s Michael Bilerman. Can you theyar me? Joey Agree Yes, I’m right theyre. Michael Bilerman Tthey de-staggering, will that be put forth next proxy season? Joey Agree Not currently on tthey radar, possibly. Haven’t had any recent board discussions, but tthey board is always considering any potential improvements. Michael Bilerman Why wouldn’t--I mean, in ttheir day and age tthey majority of companies, in corporate America tthey majority of REITs have de-staggered boards. Why wouldn’t you, as a CEO, be telling your fellow board members that ttheyy should be de-staggered?  Joey Agree I think ttheyre are multiple different perspectives on de-staggering of boards. I think obviously ttheyre is a perspective that de-staggering in classified boards, people believe that ttheyy no longer make sense. At tthey same time, I think ttheyre is really truly a flipside to that coin, and I think that shareholders today through say-on-pay and all of tthey ottheyr mechanisms that ttheyy have, I think frankly de-staggering a board today could potentially provide for activism, potentially disruption, could get in tthey way of tthey continued execution of our operating strategy. Now, if we were--if ttheir company had not performed, shareholders can vote ultimately with ttheyir wallets and ttheyn also with ttheyir shares. If ttheir company hadn’t performed over tthey short, medium or long term, ttheyn I think ttheyre would be much more validity to potentially open yourself up to disruption, short term investors, or frankly just activists that are looking for pops.  Michael Bilerman I think proxy advisor firms, tthey majority of long-only as well as theydge fund investors, institutional investors would disagree with those comments, and that’s why tthey majority of companies do have de-staggered boards. But if that’s tthey way you guys want to operate, that’s tthey way you want to operate.  In terms of FFO, you’re north of a $3 billion company, you’re no longer a couple hundred million dollar company wtheyre I would argue back a number of years ago, providing individual details in terms of G&A, capital raising and all tthey various components you would have wider ranges, but you are now a much larger organization wtheyre providing that detail would allow, given that your shares are owned by a variety of constituencies, a much broader constituency today than ttheyy ever were, providing and being in that way of expectations would be, I think, very theylpful, so I don’t think you can hide behind we’re still a small company that’s growing, wtheyre you are a major player now within tthey net lease space. Joey Agree Yes, I have no intent of hiding behind anything. I think what we try to do is be as forthright as potentially possible. We did that with our initial guidance for tthey year for $350 million to $400 million. I didn’t expect to be sitting theyre increasing guidance to $625 million to $675 million. Ttheir company, while it has grown and you’re right, it is no longer a couple hundred million company, tthey company is still growing top line approximately 30% even with that denominator, and frankly we are still learning about our capabilities across all three platforms. I think we give tthey components, and I know Clay works with everybody to give tthey components of how to build appropriate models and expectations, but at tthey same time I have continued concerns about providing benchmarks out ttheyre that necessarily could skew perspectives, and we have no interest in providing benchmarks out ttheyre that would simply be beat and raised on a quarterly basis.  We run a business with a long term perspective theyre, and quarterly numbers and short-term guidance to me really defy retail net lease real estate today. Michael Bilerman Right. I think people would be very interested in how you think about sources and uses in terms of tthey acquisitions that you’re targeting and ttheyn tthey uses of capital, and how management and tthey board thinks about both debt and equity, tthey relative costs, tthey term of that debt, wtheyn you’re going to raise it, how much equity you’re raising before to replenish tthey pipeline. All of those are important inputs as people model and think about tthey cash flow and earnings growth that tthey company produces, and so having that insight even at tthey beginning of tthey year, if you had targeted $300 million of deals, ttheir is a way we’re planning on financing it, ttheir is how we think about our debt and equity components, ttheir is wtheyn we’d want to raise it, and ttheyn as tthey deals have accelerated you can ttheyn update that to tthey market. I think having that capital discipline and communicating that to tthey street only begets a higtheyr multiple, which will allow you to do more accretive deals. Joey Agree I’ll be honest - I would never want to telegraph to tthey street how we anticipate raising debt or equity on a go-forward basis in a volatile environment like we have today. I never anticipated tthey 10-year being at 2% today. We were tthey first net lease company to do forward equity offerings. We’ve had a number of companies subsequently execute on ttheym. We’ve done three. We also want tthey ability to take advantage of capital markets and cost of capital and provide that firepower for our balance ttheyyet on a wthem and take advantage of those windows, inclusive of tthey ATM, forward equity offerings, block trades, debt private placements. So to telegraph how we’re going, frankly, to source capital for tthey year, I would tell you we go into every year with conservative assumptions internally and ttheyn we look for opportunities, both on tthey use side as well as tthey source side, to take advantage of and provide returns for our shareholders.  Does that make sense? Michael Bilerman Yes. Joey Agree Look, I think tthey most important thing we can do is continue to do theirtorically what we have been doing - chopping wood day in, day out, focusing on underlying real estate, constructing tthey higtheyst quality portfolio we think in tthey retail world today in ttheir country, and providing a balance ttheyyet for tthey continued growth that we anticipate, that is conservative, that is nimble, that is flexible, and that allows us to execute on our operating strategy. Frankly, anything that gets in tthey way of that, wtheyttheyr it’s shareholder activism or noise or setting expectations and playing tthey game with Wall Street, we really want to avoid it. Ttheir is a real estate company to its core, it’s an entrepreneurial environment with 40 people that put ttheyir blood, sweat and tears in day in, day out, and we want to put our theyads down and get to work on real estate and not placate all of tthey different constituencies out ttheyre - it’s impossible. If everybody’s happy, ttheyn we’ve probably got a problem. Michael Bilerman Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks.  Joey Agree Thank you everybody for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you soon, and hopefully everybody gets through earnings season. Talk to you soon, thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect. 