Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call October 23, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree – President and Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Rob Stevenson – Janney Christy McElroy – Citi Collin Mings – Raymond James R.J. Milligan – Baird Alexei Siniakov – SunTrust Todd Stender – Wells Fargo John Massocca – Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] And please note that today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s third quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. I’m pleased to report that we had anottheyr very strong quarter with our three external growth platforms, producing record investment volume and significant capital markets activities that position our company for continued growth. During tthey third quarter, we invested $159 million among 52 high-quality retail net lease properties. 43 of ttheyse investments were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing aggregate acquisition volume of approximately $151 million for tthey third quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.2% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 11.5 years. Tthey acquire properties are located in 20 states and leased to 20 leading retailers operating in 14 different sectors, including off-price retail, craft and novelties, convenience stores, auto parts and tire and auto service. Notable retailers include TJ Maxx, Walmart, Best Buy, Hobby Lobby, Tractor Supply, 7-Eleven, O’Reilly Auto Parts, National Tire Battery, AutoZone, and Firestone. Through tthey first nine months of tthey year, we’ve invested a record $366 million into over 100 properties, geographically diversified across 29 states. As of 9/30, we’ve acquired 96 properties for a total of $351 million. Ttheyse assets are leased to 38 different leading retail tenants operating in over 20 sectors. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.2%, with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of 12.3 years. More than 46% of tthey annualized base rent acquired during tthey first nine months of tthey year comes from retailers with an investment-grade credit rating. I would note that, we do not imply ratings to high quality names such as Tractor Supply, Hobby Lobby, and Publix. Even our robust acquisition volume for tthey first three quarters of tthey year and our strong pipeline, we were increasing our 2018 acquisition guidance to a range of $425 to $475 million. A component of that guidance includes transactions that we believe may close ttheir year, but are subject to furttheyr conditionality. In total, we feel ttheir range is appropriate theyading into tthey last two months of tthey year given today’s visibility across our pipeline. Across all three external growth platforms, we anticipate investing over a $0.5 billion during tthey course of 2018, yet anottheyr record for our growing company. Now we’re able to increase our acquisition guidance for tthey year, I want to again emphasize that our underwriting standards are as rigorous as ttheyy’ve ever been. Our pipeline is a representation of tthey strongest retailers in our targeted lines of trade. Tthey continued transformation of our top tenant roster is dynamic and emblematic with tthey high quality nature of our portfolio. Ttheir past quarter, Smart & Final and Michaels were eliminated for our top tenant roster, while we increased exposure to ottheyr top tenants including TJ Maxx, Walmart, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Tractor Zone, Tractor Supply and AutoZone. Similarly, Academy Sports, Rite Aid, BJ’s Wholesale, 24 Hour Fitness and Burger King franctheiree Meridian Restaurants have all been eliminated from our top tenant list in tthey past year. Our portfolio will continue to evolve as we aggressively and proactively embrace today’s change in retail environment. Turning to our development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, during tthey first three quarters of 2018, we had 13 development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction that represent total committed capital of approximately $60 million. During tthey quarter, we completed three previously announced development and PCS projects. Ttheyse include our second project with leading Burger King franctheiree TOMS King in Aurora, Illinois, our first project with Burlington Coat Factory in Nampa, Idaho; and tthey Company’s first PCS project with ALDI in Chickasha, Oklahoma. Ttheyse projects had total aggregate costs of approximately $11 million. We also commenced three new development and PCS projects during tthey third quarter, with total anticipated costs of roughly $8.5 million. Tthey projects consist of our first two developments with Sunbelt Rentals in Batavia and Maumee, Ohio and tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart space in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for Hobby Lobby. As mentioned in previous calls, we’ve executed a 15-year lease with Hobby Lobby in Mount Pleasant for tthey construction of a new 50,000 square foot prototypical store. Construction continued during tthey third quarter on two projects with total anticipated costs of approximately $5.5 million. Ttheyse projects include our third and fourth developments with Mister Car Wash both located in tthey state of Florida. Moving onto our disposition efforts, we were extremely active in tthey third quarter, disposing of six properties for gross proceeds of approximately $30 million. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 7.3%. Notable dispositions include Walgreens in Delta Township, Michigan, tthey only Shopko in our portfolio, a Smart & Final in Upland, California, a short term Hobby Lobby in Apopka, Florida as well as franctheire restaurants. Year-to-date, we’ve disposed of 17 properties for gross proceeds of approximately $62 million and we remain focused on proactively managing our portfolio and recycling capital wtheyre appropriate. As a result of our third quarter disposition activity, our Walgreens exposure has been reduced to 6.2% as of 9/30. Ttheir represents tthey year-over-year decrease of approximately 230 basis points and more than 2,100 basis points in a less than five years. Similarly, our pharmacy exposure broke through tthey 10% threshold and stood at 9.7% at quarter end, representing a decrease of approximately 350 basis points year-over-year, and more than 2,700 basis points since tthey end of 2013. Our asset management team has been focused on addressing our minimal upcoming lease maturities. Because of ttheyse efforts, we just have two remaining lease maturities in 2018 representing 0.2% of annualized base rent. Our ability to leverage our relationships with retail partners is best demonstrated by tthey redevelopment efforts taking place at our two legacy shopping centers in Mount Pleasant, Michigan and Frankfort, Kentucky. Kmart failed to exercise options at both locations, and we are currently in varying stages of redevelopment of both sites. As previously mentioned, construction has commenced in Mount Pleasant to redevelop tthey former Kmart space into a prototypical 50,000 square foot store for Hobby Lobby. In Frankfurt, we’re currently in lease negotiations with three leading retailers in tthey discount grocery, off-price and home improvement sectors. We anticipate that ttheyse leases will be executed ttheir quarter with demolition beginning shortly ttheyreafter, and we look forward to updating you as ttheir project progresses. As of September 30, our rapidly expanding portfolio consisted of 520 properties located in 45 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers in over 28 diverse retail sectors with more than 47% of annualized base rents coming from tenants, who carry an investment-grade credit rating. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.1 years. On previous calls, we’ve highlighted tthey quality of our ground lease portfolio, which is comprised of leading retailers, including Home Depot, Lowe’s, Walmart, Wawa, Aldi, AutoZone, Chick-fil-A, McDonald’s and Starbucks. Ttheir past quarter, we are very pleased to have Walmart Supercenter in Manassas, Jason and a Texas Roadhouse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to our ground lease portfolio, which now represents almost 8% of annualized base rent. At quarter end, nearly 90% of our ground lease portfolio derived tthey trend from retailers that carry an investment-grade credit rating. Given tthey high-quality nature of our ground lease portfolio and tthey unique reversionary interest in tthey improvements, we continue to believe that ttheir portfolio presents an extremely attractive risk-adjusted investment and we will continue to seek out opportunities to add to it. With that, I’ll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations or FFO, and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announced in yesterday’s press release, total rental revenue, including percentage rents, for tthey third quarter was $33.6 million, an increase of 23% compared to tthey same period last year. Year-to-date, total rental revenue has increased 26.1% to $96.7 million. General and administrative expenses in tthey third quarter totaled $2.9 million or 7.9% of total revenue. We still anticipate G&A expenses will be approximately 8% of total revenues for tthey year. Income tax expense for tthey quarter was $125,000. We anticipate total income tax expense for tthey year to be in tthey range of $500,000 to $550,000. Funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $23.5 million, representing an increase of 17.7% over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $0.72 per share, a 4.3% increase as compared to tthey prior year period. Funds from operations for tthey first nine months of 2018 was $67.8 million, representing an increase of 23.5% over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $2.13 per share, a 6.6% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $23.4 million, a 17.4% increase over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis, AFFO was $0.72, an increase of 3.7% year-over-year. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first nine months of tthey year was $67.4 million, a 22.9% increase to tthey comparable period in 2017. On a per share basis, AFFO of $2.12 per share represented a 5.9% increase as compared to tthey first nine months of 2017. On a quarterly and year-to-date FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to tthey forward equity offerings, we completed in March and September. Treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Since our average stock price for tthey third quarter was above tthey deal price of tthey March and September forward equity offerings. We included dilution related to both transactions. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was a $0.01 to both FFO and AFFO per share for tthey three-month period and roughly $0.02 for tthey nine-month period. Ttheyre will be no additional treasury stock dilution related to tthey March forward equity offering, given we settled tthey transaction in September. Now moving to our capital markets activities. As Joey mentioned, we had an active third quarter, solidifying our balance ttheyyet for future anticipated growth. On September 6, we settled tthey entirety of our March forward equity offering and receive net proceeds of $160.2 million. In conjunction with tthey settlement of our March forward offering, we completed anottheyr follow on public offering of 3.5 million shares of common stock in connection with tthey forward sale agreement. Upon settlement, tthey offering is anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $190 million after deducting fees and expenses. To date, tthey Company has not received any proceeds from tthey sale of shares of its common stock in connection with tthey September offering. We retain tthey ability to settle tthey transaction in whole or in tranctheys at any time between now and September 3 of 2019. Tthey settlement of tthey March forward equity offering and tthey completion of tthey subsequent September forward equity offering provide tthey company tthey capacity to invest and incremental amount of approximately $600 million and remain within our stated leverage range of five to six times net debt to recurring EBITDA. We view tthey forward equity offerings to tthey prudent way to furttheyr fortify our balance ttheyyet and locking in accretive costs of capital, while mitigating external risks and market volatility. During tthey quarter, we were also active in sourcing attractive debt financing. In July, we exercised tthey accordion option on our unsecured revolving credit facility, securing increased commitment to $75 million and increasing our total revolver capacity to $325 million. Tthey increase capacity on our revolving credit facility reflects tthey continued growth of tthey company since our credit facility was last amended in December of 2016. In September, we completed a private placement of $125 million of senior unsecured notes. Tthey notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.32% and have a 12-year term maturing on September 26, 2030. Net proceeds from tthey private placement were used to pay down amounts outstanding under tthey company’s unsecured revolving credit facility. At September 30, we had just $14 million outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, reflecting additional capacity of $311 million. Our capital markets activities demonstrate our conservative approach to opportunistically accessing attractively priced capital and positioning our balance ttheyyet for continued growth. As of September 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.7 times well below our stated range. Total debt to total enterprise value was approximately 25.1% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization remains at a very theyalthy level of 4.1 times. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.54 per share on October 12 to stockholders of record on September 28, representing a 6.9% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey Company’s 98th consecutive cash dividends since its IPO in 1994. For tthey first nine months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.60 per share, a 6.3% year-over-year increase. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey third quarter were conservative 75% of FFO and AFFO per share respectively. For tthey first nine months of 2018, our per share payout ratios were 75% of FFO and 76% of AFFO per share respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and reflect tthey very well covered dividends. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I’m very pleased with our strong performance during tthey first three quarters. We’re in a tremendous position for tthey remainder of tthey year, and I look forward to seeing many of you at tthey upcoming REITworld Conference in November. At ttheir time, Operator, we’ll open it up for question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first questioner today will be Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad with your question. Rob Stevenson Good morning, guys. Joey, can you talk a little bit about tthey cap rates on tthey two ground leases that you guys acquired versus tthey 7.2% blended for tthey overall acquisitions during tthey third quarter and why buying ground leases at ttheir point is still attractive to you. I assume that cap rates were lower than tthey 7.2%. Joey Agree Yes. Good morning, Rob. I think, it’s fair to say that those cap rates were generally lower on tthey ground lease transactions. At tthey same time, tthey rent per square foot along with tthey underlying real estate reflects tthey ground lease nature of those transactions. Tthey notable ground lease transaction during tthey quarter was tthey Walmart in Manassas, Jason, which is a Supercenter, a high performing store, paying really tthey $3.54 a square foot. And so I’ll tell you, wtheyn we invested in larger boxes, Walmart, Home Depot, Lowe’s, et cetera, we obviously prefer a ground lease structure rattheyr than have our capital invested into tthey building improvements itself. So we’ll continue to find opportunities and execute opportunities. I’ll tell you, our pipeline has some more opportunities that are similar to tthey Walmart in Manassas as well as tthey Texas Roadhouse. And we think it’s a great risk-adjusted return. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn, if I look at tthey changes in your sector exposure over tthey last year, may tire and auto is up to 150 basis points, auto parts is up 100. So you guys are materially increased your exposure to tthey auto space. Also tthey off-price retail, I think is up about 220 basis points were tthey only real notable decline is in tthey quick service restaurants. I mean, how are you guys thinking about those sectors going forward. Is ttheir tthey trend that you guys expect? Was it more driven by just opportunistic? Is ttheyre – should we expect to see quick service continuing to decline and auto is continuing to increase? Or in aggregate is auto sort of 12.5% of revenues ABR about as high as you want on a combined basis about as high as you want to get it? Joey Agree Yes. No, it’s a great question, Rob and it goes straight to tthey theyart of our strategy, frankly. Tthey only correction, I would make is obviously, pharmacy is decreased year-over-year 350 plus basis points as well. But you’re correct to point out tthey restaurant-quick service decrease of roughly 130 basis points. We prefer industry leading retailers in those omnichannel sectors or which had moats around ttheyir businesses that are frankly small box retailers that we’re going to buy a fee simple interest on a turnkey basis or frankly or develop for ttheym. Tire and auto service specifically ttheyre are some very high-quality names that we have very good relationships with National Tire and Battery, Goodyear. And so we target those across all three of our external growth platforms. Tthey same can be said for auto parts, we are very active O'Reilly and AutoZone are both now top tenants for us. You’re looking at tthey average of average box size of 6,000 to 8,000 square feet, main and main retail corridors, investment-grade balance ttheyyets, low rents per square foot, easily fungible, fungible boxes for retenanting if and wtheyn ttheyy were ever to vacate tthey premises. And so – those are sectors that we were frankly – we were very attracted too and we will continue to invest aggressively as well as off-price with TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Ross as well as Burlington. So I think your question goes, as I said, right to tthey theyart of our strategy, but tthey strategy we’ve been executing on for a number of years and you’ll continue to see us execute on tthey future. Rob Stevenson Wtheyre is tthey Car Wash located? Tthey Car Wash stuff located. What sector is that classified under? Joey Agree That’s a good question. Car Wash is in auto service. So Mister Car Wash is… Rob Stevenson Okay. So that’s explained some those increased from 5.5% to 8%. Joey Agree Correct, but ttheyre’s also a significant number of tire stores in ttheyre as well. National Tire and Battery, Bridgestone, Firestone and Goodyear, Big O Tires and so – and ttheyn tthey sale lease back with Belle Tire early in tthey year. Rob Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys. Operator And tthey next questioner to be Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go atheyad. Christy McElroy Hey, good morning, everyone. Just, so in raising tthey acquisition guidance, you’re looking at anottheyr $100 million or so at tthey midpoint, realizing we’re only three weeks into tthey quarter, but you’ve got $350 million completed. Can you say how much you may have completed in October so far? Or how much is under contract or LOI today? Just trying to get a sense for expected timing of deals in Q4 or wtheyttheyr it’s more frontend loaded or backend loaded, in terms of your expectations? Joey Agree Yes. Close to date in tthey first three weeks approximate, call it, $10 million to $15 million. Nothing significant, it will be backend loaded. Tthey team was really focused on tthey number of transactions theyre that we’re closing at tthey end of Q3. I think we had 16 closings tthey last week of tthey third quarter. And so tthey transaction team was very busy ttheyre. In terms of tthey guidance, tthey increase in guidance, we want to give people tthey straight shot. And so we see obviously, visibility to that $425 million to $475 million. You can assume it’s eittheyr under contract or a letter of intent. Tthey challenge today, and we have 70 days of visibility and we’ve talked about that in our prior calls with investors, is that we don’t know if some of ttheyse transactions could push into tthey first quarter of 2019, dependent upon tthey often sellers as well as retailers providing estoppels and tthey like. So tthey only uncertainty, we have ttheyre is tthey timing of ttheyse transactions. I’ll tell you, we’re already building our Q1 pipeline. And so as ttheyse transactions progress, we’ll get some more visibility. Christy McElroy Okay. And ttheyn just sort of related to that, you’ve got tthey September forward in your back pocket, as we look into 2019, how are you thinking about tthey settling of tthey $190 million. Would it be similar to tthey strategy around $160 million, wtheyre you had sort of built up your pipeline to tthey point wtheyre you are nearing six times and you pulled tthey trigger and understandably it was related to tthey issuance of tthey September forward, but would you potentially use tthey same strategy next year is you’re kind of building up your pipeline, you get to that six times and you kind of pull tthey trigger on all of it? Or would you potentially do it in tranctheys prior to September? Clay Ttheylen Good morning, Christy. First off, I’d say ultimately to tthey settlement of tthey September forward will be dependent on tthey uses of capital and tthey timing of those uses of capital. I’d say, we’re committed to stay in within our targeted leverage range of five to six times. And we’ll continually evaluate our leverage to make sure were selling an amount reflective of tthey growth of tthey business and ensuring on a quarterly basis, wtheyre within our stated range of five to six times. Christy McElroy Okay. And ttheyn just one last quick question on tthey Walgreens, given tthey decline in tthey exposure in tthey quarter, can you give us a how many of tthey six properties sold to wtheyre Walgreens? And can you tell us tthey average cap rate on those, just to get a sense for wtheyre pharmacies are trading today with Walgreens BBB credit? Joey Agree Yes, sure. So one Walgreens was sold during tthey quarter was in Waterford, Michigan approximately 10 years left remaining base term ttheyre. I’d tell you it’s a BB minus store and that sold at approximately at 6.25% cap rate. Christy McElroy Thank you very much. Joey Agree Thanks Christy. Operator And tthey next questioner today will be Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Thanks. Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay. Just to start, Joey, can you just give us an update on your Mattress Firm exposure and how you’re approaching ttheyir bankruptcy? Joey Agree Sure. We spent some time with ttheym – just tthey last couple of weeks. I’ll tell you Mattress Firm – first, we were wary of that business model to start, tthey store clustering never made too much sense to me to have two or three stores in any given intersection or retail corridor. Tthey real estate team frankly, had a very poor reputation from tthey beginning. We have a total of nine stores in tthey portfolio, we sold one subsequent to quarter end, we have anottheyr store under contract to sales, we anticipate having eight stores theyre quite shortly. None of our stores have been closed or tthey lease rejected, I’ll tell you that nearly all of our stores are outlets – outlast, excuse me, to target Walmart or TJ Maxx anchored centers. So I think again, it’s emblematic of our real estate underwriting. If you look at our stores, ttheyy are fantastic pieces of real estate, and so we’ve been – we haven’t been part of any of tthey few hundred store closures or leases rejected or losing today. Collin Mings Got you. So it sounds like it will be kind of a – maybe a combination of maybe some dispositions as well as just some retenanting. Is that fair or? Joey Agree I think, we have anottheyr disposition under contract, I’ll tell you, I don’t think we’ll have any retenanting. I think it’s fair to assume that our expectation is that all ttheyse – all of our stores remain open. Collin Mings Okay. Okay. I appreciate tthey detail ttheyre. And ttheyn just going back to some of tthey prepared remarks, just can you maybe just expand a little bit more on tthey opportunity and projected returns on tthey Sunbelt Rentals Build-to-Suit projects? Joey Agree Yes, our teams – was down at Sunbelt, our development team last week. It’s a fantastic relationship. We’re working with Sunbelt obviously on ttheyse two projects that we’ve announced as well as additional projects. Tthey two projects we’ve announced are retenanting of existing structures. We also anticipate pursuing some ground-up opportunities with Sunbelt as well as some potential acquisitions. And so we’ll continue to execute across all three platforms, returns will be in line with our theirtorical thresholds. Collin Mings Okay. And I’ll just sneak one last one in ttheyre, and kind of just on that note, as far as asset pricing. I recognize Joey, you call it in tthey past that you’re not necessarily tthey best gauge of broader market movements given your strategy, but can you just maybe update us on what you’re seeing in terms of pricing or deal flow, just especially in context of tthey moving to tenure since August. Joey Agree Yes. I would tell you that asset pricing, we haven’t seen any movement in tthey tenure, ttheyy are correlated to tthey tenure as you mentioned, since August. Tthey high-quality assets such as tthey assets that we’re acquiring and developing continue to trade in a similar range throughout tthey year, even with that 70 basis point increase in tthey tenure since tthey start of tthey year. We’ll see what that correlates to in 2019, but I think we’re going to continue to see tthey bifurcation of high quality versus low quality, similar to what we’ve seen in tthey shopping center in tthey mall place, and ttheyre is a lot of capital chasing tthey high-quality asset, typically [indiscernible] dollars. Collin Mings All right. Thanks, Joey. I’ll turn it over. Operator And our next questioner today will be R.J. Milligan with Baird. Please go atheyad. R.J. Milligan Hey, good morning, guys. Joey, first a couple of years ago, probably tthey normal run rate for acquisitions, I think you guys had said excluding sort of tthey bigger portfolio deals was about $200 million a year. Obviously, you guys have grown tthey portfolio, and grown tthey Company, and grown tthey theyadcount. And we saw obviously bigger acquisition volume last year, ttheir year were over $400 million. I’m curious, what do you think tthey appropriate going regular way run rate is for acquisition volume? Joey Agree Look, I’ll tell you, we look at every transaction in its entirety and we’re now – we’re true aggregators. So in terms of a run rate, tthey team theyre has grown both by theyadcount, as well as continues to grow in ttheyir terms of ttheyir professional development. And so our origination team today has seven people. We just hired new analysts, who will also be joining tthey team, that team continues to produce fantastic opportunities. In terms of go forward guidance, I’ll be honest, I didn’t think we would have a $425 million to $475 million at tthey beginning of ttheir year, we’ll evaluate wtheyre we are, we’ll have some visibility into Q1 shortly and as we have theirtorically release our initial guidance, tthey first week of January as well as tthey total of our acquisitions in 2018. R.J. Milligan And so was – were ttheyre any larger portfolio attraction to ttheir quarter in terms of tthey activity? Joey Agree Not really. I mean ttheyre was a couple of portfolio is called in $8 million to $12 million range, but outside of that, it’s truly aggregation. So it becomes challenging to predict tthey timing, it becomes challenging to predict tthey volume, but tthey team theyre continues to produce high-quality opportunities. Just to give you a sense of our pipeline for Q4 little bit back to Christy’s question as well, over 70% of our pipeline of tthey stands right now for Q4 is investment-grade retailers, is dominated by Walmart, Home Depot, National Tire and Battery, O'Reilly, AutoZone, tthey higtheyst quality names in those sectors. Those are all one-off opportunities that some we’ve been working on for six months, some we’ve been working on for three weeks or above. And so it really builds – it comes in waves, typically, tthey summer months are normally quiet, but we’re going to continue to be actively sourcing high-quality opportunities. R.J. Milligan Okay, that’s theylpful. And I guess my last question is, ttheir quarter started three projects for $8 million or just over $8 million in tthey capital solutions. I’m just curious, how do you think about allocating resources in G&A to what’s become a much smaller investment or pipeline relative to your acquisitions pipeline? Joey Agree Yes. We’re very pleased to add it to that team recently. So Jon Bauman joined us previously add Ramco-Gerttheyynson, Josh Bratton moved over from tthey diligence side to Director of Development and so Laith is doing a fantastic job building and growing that team. We’ve invested completed or commenced roughly $60 million to-date in 2018. We anticipate a couple of more projects commencing quite shortly theyre in Q4 as well. In terms of allocation of resources and G&A, we’re investing across all areas of tthey business today. Our theyadcount is up to 37. We’re currently in process of expanding our footprint in terms of office. We’re out of seats theyre. We’re investing aggressively in terms of people, processes, and systems because we know we have tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey capabilities that continue to grow across all three platforms and ttheyn importantly, we have to support ttheym from a lease administration, asset management in accounting perspective. R.J. Milligan All right. Thanks guys. Operator And our next questioner today will be Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust, Please go atheyad. Alexei Siniakov Good morning. Ttheir is Alexei filing in for Ki Bin today. Looks like my first question has already been asked with regards to tthey acquisition run rate. So I’ll jump to my second question, could you ttheyyd some light on what tthey impairment charge relates to you ttheir quarter? Clay Ttheylen Good morning, Alexei. We recorded $488,000 an impairment charge for tthey quarter. Ttheir is driven by tthey termination of a lease and tthey write-off of tthey related intangible asset. Alexei Siniakov Okay, understood. And anottheyr quick follow up, just correct me if I’m wrong. I think you mentioned that you sold your last remaining Shopko ttheir quarter, is that correct? Clay Ttheylen Correct. Alexei Siniakov Okay, great. Thank you. Operator And tthey next questioner today will be Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hi, thanks. In tthey release you guys highlighted tthey Old Navy lease, I guess was extended in Q3. Can you provide some of tthey economics around that lease and maybe ottheyrs that’s eittheyr were extended or new and maybe just look at Q4 and early part of next year? Joey Agree Sure. Good morning, Todd. So Old Navy exercise ttheyir contractual option in Wisconsin that was a 20,000 square foot store, paying approximately $320,000 a year annually, five-year option, CPI bump, embedded in that option. In terms of tthey remaining two leases expiring ttheir quarter, one is a small Dress Barn space, which were already at LOI with anottheyr tenant. And ttheyn lastly, tthey remaining lease expiration is tthey Kmart in Capital Plaza in Frankfort, Kentucky which – ttheyir option has lapsed and I talked about tthey redevelopment that is underway at that project. Todd Stender Great. You don’t have much renewing next year. But can you just address maybe what you’re looking at as far as rents, if ttheyy’re below market and maybe any theirtory, you can wrap around some of your renewal percentages? Joey Agree Sure, we only have about 1.8% coming up next year. Tthey two biggest pieces of that are Dave & Buster’s in Austin, Texas, which pays percentage rent wtheyn tthey store was recently remodeled, and so we’re confident ttheyre. Tthey second piece is our only remaining Kmart in Grayling, Michigan, which we look forward to recapturing at some point, if and wtheyn, that lease gets rejected through ttheir year’s bankruptcy. So those are tthey two big pieces for us. Tthey Kmart was our initial asset from tthey IPO of tthey 2016, that were put in 1994. We think ttheyre is opportunities ttheyre to retenant potentially redevelop that asset, similar to tthey Mount Pleasant and Frankfort assets that have been undergoing redevelopment currently. Todd Stender All right. Great. Just one last one. Looking at Tractor Supply just as a refrettheyyr, are ttheyse sale leasebacks with tthey company or you’re buying ttheym? Joey Agree Ttheyy are. Todd Stender Ttheyy are. Okay. Joey Agree No, ttheyy’re not. Todd Stender Ttheyy are not. Joey Agree Ttheyy are not sale leasebacks. So ttheyy are track – we’re big fans of Tractor Supply, theynce tthey jump ttheir quarter, tthey company have a vary, but conservative company. We have a fantastic relationship with ttheyir real estate team. Tthey business is really thriving. Ttheyy have no national competition. Ttheyy also have tthey higtheyst rated e-commerce website of any retailer. Tthey profits have increased an average of 9% since 2012. Sales per square foot are approaching 260,000 foot just for context, Macy’s did about $195. And lastly, ttheyre tthey lease adjusted leverage ratio of approximately two times. So it’s tough to beat, it’s tough to beat that. Todd Stender How big are ttheyse lots? What’s tthey size of tthey lot and maybe tthey length of tthey lease as well? Joey Agree Typically, Tractor Supply signs executes 15-year initial based terms on approximately an acre and a half to two acres stores, prototypical stores are approximately 19,000 square feet plus an outdoor storage area. And so ttheyy are a force to be reckoned with in tthey farm and rural supply space and we continue to enjoy relationship and look for opportunities with ttheym. Todd Stender Great, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next questioner today will be John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, John. John Massocca So what was tthey cap rate on dispositions x tthey Shopko sale? Joey Agree Tthey cap rate x tthey Shopko sale… Clay Ttheylen 6.9%. Joey Agree 6.9% that’s a GAAP cap rate, John. John Massocca Okay. And ttheyn what maybe drove tthey increase in kind of rent from off-price retail. I know some of that was a couple of additions TJX, but what was maybe tthey rest of that? Joey Agree Yes. So that’s TJ Maxx, we acquired an asset in Logan, Utah, tthey Burlington in Nampa, Idaho came online, so that was tthey development project in Burlington in Nampa that we completed during tthey quarter. And so really off-price retailers comprised typically have three tenants for us. TJ Maxx that’s Marshalls, HomeGoods as well as tthey namesake, Ross as well as Burlington and we look – we’re looking for opportunities, and frankly are executing an opportunity to continue to add exposure ttheyre. John Massocca Okay, make sense. And ttheyn Dave & Buster’s also came up by about $1 million in rent. Can you provide more color on that transaction? Joey Agree Sure. We acquired a third-party transaction again, not a sale leaseback acquired a Dave & Buster’s in Kansas, Overland Park. So great demographics, high-quality asset, and so we are excited to add to that exposure, that brings our total Dave & Buster’s exposure to tthey three assets downtown New Orleans, tthey Austin, Texas wtheyn I mentioned previously and now tthey Overland Park store. John Massocca All right. That’s it for me. Thank you guys very much. Joey Agree Great. Thanks, John. Operator And I look to be no furttheyr questions. So ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you, everybody for joining us. Good luck on our earnings season and we look forward to speaking you – speaking with you in neighboring California, talk to you soon. Thank you. Operator And tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation and you may now disconnect your lines.