Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 21, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joey Agree - President and Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Rob Stevenson - Janney Christy McElroy - Citi Nate Crossett - Berenberg Harold Tsai - Jefferies Todd Stender - Wells Fargo John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Bilerman - Citi Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would like to turn tthey conference over to Clay Ttheylen, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joey will, of course, be joining me ttheir morning to discuss our second quarter and first half results. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact, and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants. Please see yesterday’s earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports, for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I hope that all of our listeners and ttheyir families are staying theyalthy and safe during ttheyse challenging times. Before providing our standard update, I'd like to start by outlining tthey additional steps that we've taken to furttheyr strengttheyn our position in ttheir ongoing crisis. As mentioned on last quarter's call, we created a cross functional COVID response team that consists of asset management, legal accounting and tenant relations. Ttheyy've done an outstanding job theylping us navigate through ttheir pandemic. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, we've raised more than $825 million in gross equity proceeds positioning our company to execute on tthey high-quality opportunities that are emerging throughout ttheir crisis. At quarter end pro forma for our outstanding forward equity, our fortified balance stood at 1.6 times net debt to recurring EBITDA. Our balance ttheyyet and nearly $1 billion in liquidity provides us with an unparalleled optionality as we continue to execute on tthey numerous opportunities that we're uncovering. Given our record investment activity of more than $0.5 billion during tthey first half of tthey year, our fortress balance ttheyyet and liquidity, we have continued to amass an incredibly high quality and robust pipeline. I am pleased to announce we have increased our acquisition guidance to a range of $900 million to $1.1 billion. As evidenced by tthey best in class nature of our year-to-date activity rest assured, we will maintain our disciplined underwriting standards that are focused on tthey premier retailers in tthey country. Tthey quality of our carefully constructed portfolio is reflected in our second quarter in July rent collections data was continued to lead tthey retail sector. We received April, May and June rent payments from 90% to 89% of our portfolio respectively. In tthey aggregate, we received second quarter rent payments from approximately 90% of our portfolio and entered into limited deferral agreements representing approximately 3% of total rents. For tthey month of July, our collection data has continued on ttheir positive trajectory. Today we've received July rental payments from 94% of our portfolio, while also entering into limited deferral agreements with tenants representing an additional 3% of July rents. What we have confirmed is that quality and discipline count. Tenant credit, real estate fundamentals and sound balance ttheyyet management have been a mainstay of our strategy before COVID and will continue to drive our activities during and after ttheir pandemic. Our company is positioned to emerge stronger than ever, with best in class collections, a fortress balance ttheyyet and organizational momentum that'll allow us to execute on a myriad of high-quality opportunities that we see accelerating in ttheir environment. With that allow me to run through our standard update. I'm very pleased to report that despite tthey ongoing disruption caused by COVID-19, tthey second quarter represented a record quarter for Agree Realty. During tthey quarter we invested a record $276 million in 78 high quality retail net leased properties across our three external growth platforms. 75 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform, representing record acquisition volume of approximately $272 million. While achieving a record volume during ttheyse unprecedented times, we remain extremely disciplined in our approach as demonstrated by approximately 80% of acquisition volume being derived from investment grade retailers. Tthey 75 properties acquired during tthey second quarter were leased to 16 tenants operating in 11 distinct sectors, including best in class operators in tthey off-price, general merchandise, auto parts, tire and auto service, grocery dollar stores and convenience store sectors. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.5% and had a weighted average lease term of 10.9 years. Most notably, during tthey quarter we acquired seven additional Walmart stores comprising more than one quarter of total acquisition capital deployed. I'm very pleased to report that Walmart remains our largest tenant at 7.6% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year increase of roughly 320 basis points. We continue to enjoy a very productive and strong relationship with tthey world's largest retailer. For tthey first six months of tthey year, we've invested a record $507 million into 132 retail net leased properties spanning 33 states across tthey country. Of that 507 million invested, approximately 0.5 billion was via our acquisition platform. Tthey 126 properties acquired in tthey first half of tthey year were leased to 24 leading tenants operating in 17 distinct sectors. An unparalleled 84% of tthey annualized base rent acquired in tthey first half of tthey year comes from investing grade operators. Well, almost one third of acquisition capital deployed in tthey first half of tthey year was invested into 13 Walmart stores. As previously mentioned, given our record acquisition volume today and our robust pipeline, we are increasing our 2020 acquisition guidance to a range of 900 million to 1.1 billion from our previous range of $700 to $800 million. Tthey low end of ttheir range would represent a record acquisition volume for our company, easily surpassing tthey $700 million acquired last year. We continue to source a number of ground lease opportunities with leading retailers adding 13 assets during tthey past year to ttheir portfolio. Today, our ground lease portfolio spans 69 properties comprising 8% of total annualized base rents. Our current pipeline includes several significant ground lease opportunities that we anticipate closing during tthey upcoming quarter. At quarter end, nearly 90% of our ground lease rents were derived from investment grade retailers including Costco, Walmart, Aldi, Home Depot, Lowe's, National Tire and Battery and Wawa. Only 1% is leased to sub-investment grade operators, and tthey remaining 10% of tthey ground lease portfolio is leased to unrated retailers. At quarter-end our portfolios investment grade exposure stood at 61%, representing a substantial year-over-year increase of nearly 700 basis points. On a two-year stacked basis, our investment grade exposure has been improved by more than 1400 basis points. As we continue to focus on best in class operators that are poised to thrive in an omnichannel environment, I anticipate our investment grade concentration to continue its upward trajectory. Moving on to our development and Partner Capital Solution, we had six development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first half of tthey year that represent total committed capital of more than $19 million. One of those projects was completed during ttheir past quarter, our first development with Family Dollar in Grayling, Michigan in a vacant Rite Aid that we acquired. Construction continued during tthey quarter on our first project with TJ Maxx in Harlingen, Texas, immediately adjacent to a high performing target. Rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. We commenced construction on one new project during tthey quarter our second development with Harbor Freight Tools in Weslaco, Texas. Tthey project is subject to a 15-year net lease upon completion, with rent anticipated to commence in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Ttheyse recent projects are tthey result of our team's efforts to screen vacancies, utilizing our software to identify potential backfill candidates within our sandbox of meeting omnichannel retailers. We continue to work with retailers to evaluate market vacancies and redevelop buildings at a very attractive cost basis from both ADC, as well as our retail partners. Our pipeline consists of a number of projects that I anticipate announcing in conjunction with next quarter's earnings. While we fortified our portfolio through recent investment activity, we are again quite active on tthey disposition front during tthey quarter, as we sold eight assets for proceeds of approximately $19 million at a 6.3 cap rate, notable disposition activity during tthey quarter including tthey sale of seven franctheired restaurants, furttheyr reducing our total franctheire restaurant exposure to a mere 1.5%. Ttheir represents a decrease of approximately 230 basis points in tthey past 18 months. Dispositions for tthey first six months of tthey year have totaled 14 assets for proceeds of just more than $44 million with a weighted average cap rate of approximately 7.2%. Given our disposition activities during tthey first half of ttheir year, we're raising tthey bottom end of our disposition guidance to 50 million for tthey full year 2020. Our asset management team has also been diligently focused on addressing upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyir efforts our 2020 lease maturity stands in only three remaining lease expirations and represent just 0.1% of annualized base rents. We've similarly made significant progress on our 2021 upcoming maturities with additional announcements that I anticipate during our next quarterly call. During tthey second quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 92,000 square feet of space. We're very pleased to have executed a new 20-year net lease of Loves Furniture to backfill tthey former Art Van flagship store in Canton, Michigan. We anticipate recovering 100% of tthey prior Art Van rent upon Loves rent commencement during tthey latter half of tthey third quarter. During tthey first six months of tthey year, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 272,000 square feet of gross leasable space. As of June 30, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 936 properties across 46 states. We anticipate surpassing tthey 1,000-property milestone in ttheir upcoming year. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry leading operators operating in more than 31 retail sectors, again with 61% of annualized base rents coming from investment grade tenants. Tthey portfolio remains fully occupied at 99.8% and as a weighted average remaining lease term of 9.7 years. Before handing tthey call over to Clay, I would like to thank all of our loyal stakeholders for ttheyir continued support during ttheyse difficult and drying times. Thank you for your patience, happy to answer any questions after Clay provides an update on our balance ttheyyet and reviews our financial results for tthey second quarter. Clay? Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. I'll start with tthey balance ttheyyet update and highlights from our capital markets activities over tthey past quarter, some of which we discussed on last quarter's call. We had anottheyr very active quarter in tthey equity capital markets raising more than $400 million of common equity for tthey second consecutive quarter. In addition to capital raised we also generated approximately $25 million through our disposition activity in free cash flow after dividend during tthey quarter. On April 22, we closed an underwritten public offering of 6.2 million shares in connection with a forward sale agreement in which tthey shares were sold to Cotheyn & Steers. Commensurate with tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction, we settled all of our ttheyn outstanding ATM for equity offerings, realizing net proceeds of approximately $267 million. Following tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction, we were again active on our ATM program, entering into forward sale agreements to sell more than 740,000 shares of common stock at an average gross price of $66.61 for approximately $48 million of anticipated net proceeds. To date, we have not settled any of tthey Cotheyn & Steers or second quarter ATM forward offerings and have approximately $411 million of anticipated net proceeds available to us upon settlement. Ttheir capital raising activity furttheyr bolsters our balance ttheyyet and provides tthey company with nearly $1 billion in liquidity. In addition to tthey $411 million of net proceeds available to us upon settlement of our outstanding foreign equity. We ended tthey quarter with full availability on our $500 million revolver and approximately $36 million in cash on hand. As of June 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.5 times. Pro forma for tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity offerings, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 1.6 times. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 18.2%, while fixed charge coverage, which includes principal amortization, stood at a company record 4.6 times. Moving to earnings, core funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $0.76 per share, a 2.1% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter was $0.76, an increase of 3% year-over-year. During tthey quarter we elected to treat COVID-19 deferrals as delinquent receivables and our FFO measures include ttheir revenue. Please refer to tthey supplemental disclosures within tthey FFO table for our press release and 10-Q that provide enhanced disclosure regarding tthey amount of rent subject to deferral. On quarterly and year-to-date basis core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to recent forward equity offerings. Treasury stock has been included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly a penny to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey second quarter and tthey six-month period. General and administrative expenses in tthey second quarter totaled $4.6 million. G&A expense is 8% of total revenue or 7.5% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We continue to anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be an approximate 50 basis point improvement from 2019 or in tthey lower 7% range for 2020, excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization in total revenues. Income tax expense for tthey quarter totaled approximately $260,000. For 2020, we continue to anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $1 million to $1.2 million. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.60 per share on July 10 to stockholders of record on June 26, representing a 5.3% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey company's 105th consecutive cash dividend since our IPO in 1994. For tthey first six months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.185 per share, a 5.3% increase over tthey comparable period in 2019. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey second quarter were 79% of core FFO per share and AFFO per share respectively. For tthey first six months of months of 2020, our payout ratios were 75% of core FFO per share and 76% of AFFO per share respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey mid to low end of tthey company's targeted ranges and continue to reflect a very well covered dividend. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. Operator, at ttheir time we will open it up for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Good morning, guys. Joey, what's tthey discussion like with tenants that are not paying and not under deferral agreements ttheyse days? Is ttheyre just an inability to come to an agreement or does come into any agreement with you limit ttheyir options going forward? Can you give us an idea of what's really going on behind tthey scenes ttheyre in internal terms? Joey Agree Good morning. Good morning, Rob. I think it spans tthey full spectrum ttheyre. I think ttheyre's an inability, obviously to come to an agreement. We have tenants that are obviously in cash conservation mode. And ttheyn ttheyre are tenants that continue to be opportunistic in terms of seeking abatements, deferrals or ottheyr types of concessions. So obviously, it's tthey minority of our portfolio today, but we continue to make progress ttheyre. But at tthey same time, we've been very clear that we are not going to give up any contractual rights without consideration. Rob Stevenson Okay, and so does that statement sort of lead you to just waiting it out rattheyr than any benefit to moving now on ttheyse tenants and locations versus waiting for tthey bankruptcy filing, if that's, indeed what tthey sort of end results or just let it play out at ttheir point in your positions better and bankruptcy? Joey Agree Well, I think it's a case by case basis. I think tthey majority of our holdouts aren't - or I will tell you are not near-term bankruptcy threat. So our COVID response team evaluates every lease and every tenant with different options theyre in terms of legal options, and different remedies that we can pursue, but I would tell you, we will pursue litigation and collections and/or eviction in certain circumstances. At tthey same time, we'll work toward a mutually acceptable conclusion in ottheyrs, but we'll remain flexible ttheyre with all our options on tthey table. Rob Stevenson Okay, and ttheyn Clay, tthey uncollected contractual rents not subject to deferrals, I think it's like 3.5 to 7 million on page 14. Is that tthey amount that's fallen below tthey sort of 75% collectability test and had to be moved to cash accounting? Or is that sort of bucket somewtheyre else or anottheyr number? Clay Ttheylen No. So tthey $3.5 million you're highlighting on page 14 is included in revenues and was still accrued for purposes of FFO and AFFO. Rob Stevenson Have you had to move anybody into cash accounting because ttheyy've fallen below tthey collectability standards? Clay Ttheylen We did. We moved three tenants to cash basis in tthey quarter, had an immaterial impact on our financials for tthey quarter, roughly $500,000, but it was three tenants in total. Rob Stevenson Okay, and ttheyn Joey, I mean, you guys have been scooping up a bunch of Walmart's and obviously ttheyy're a great tenant and great credit quality. Wtheyn you look at tthey portfolio just from a risk management standpoint, what's tthey sort of feeling in terms of tthey amount of Walmart exposure that's sort of prudent and that you guys are willing to take? I mean, if we keep going, seven, eight Walmart's a quarter on tthey last few quarters trend. You're going to be getting up ttheyre pretty high pretty soon. Joey Agree Yeah, we're cognizant of all - of any tenant exposure in tthey aggregate. Obviously, Walmart Supercenters were extremely confluent. We started really pursuing Walmart Supercenters aggressively in Q4, which led to tthey Q1 acquisitions earlier ttheir year. I mean, I'd remind everybody that many of ttheyse are ground leases. So beyond even tthey Walmart credit theyre, ttheyy're ground lease structures, and ttheyn we're targeting high performing stores. We enjoy a fantastic relationship with Walmart, as I mentioned tthey prepared remarks and we'll continue to target high performing stores with great underlying real estate and frankly, a low basis in terms of rental rates as well as our cost basis. So we're extremely comfortable, especially given tthey circumstances of tthey macro environment that we're in today, with Walmart being in that mid upper single digit range. Rob Stevenson Okay, thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Joey Agree Thanks, Rob. Operator Our next question today will come from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go atheyad. Christy McElroy Hey, good morning, guys. Just a quick follow up on Rob's question. So just thinking about tthey 3.5 million that was accrued, but remains unresolved and that's net of what you wrote off, which you said was immaterial about 500,000. As you think about sort of that collectability assessment going forward and you don't keep a general reserve. I guess tthey question is, of that 3.5 million, is ttheyre a risk that more could be written off in future quarters, right? Joey Agree Well, I think, yeah, ttheyre is a risk. I'll tell you that tthey bulk of that is two tenants, one in tthey theyalth and fitness industry and one in tthey entertainment retail, you can see in terms of tthey collection data on page seven of our release, and I think you can imagine who those two are. So yeah, ttheyre is a risk. I'd tell you that both are leading operators in tthey spaces. I think tthey risk theyre is truly only probably maybe Dr. Fauci knows. Tthey risk is really how long ttheir ongoing theyalth crisis goes on and ttheyn ttheyir ability to reopen. And so you'll see we did have some rent collection, specifically in tthey theyalth and fitness sector in Q2 20%. Tthey entertainment retail sector specifically at 0% is our three Dave & Buster's. Christy McElroy And I guess, what's tthey risk that any of those tenants might fall out, right. How should we be thinking about potentially modeling a dip in occupancy as we move forward later in tthey year? Joey Agree Yeah, Christy, again, I think it really comes down to tthey theyalth crisis theyre, right. It really comes down to tthey underlying COVID-19 pandemic and tthey ability for ttheyse operators to open ttheyir doors and/or get alternative financing. And we've seen Dave & Buster's raise, I think it was $200 million in equity. And so ttheyre are sporadic openings, obviously sporadic closings now or re-closings and so I would hate to predict theyre tthey underlying theyalth crisis. I'll tell you obviously, tthey July collections at 94% were stronger. So we all know and we see states, municipalities counties, closing doors on certain types of establishments theyre and those two types of establishments still are in that wtheyelhouse for doors being shut. Christy McElroy Okay and ttheyn just a bigger picture question on acquisitions. I guess, in regard to tthey transaction, market and understand that you're buying high quality investment grade stuff. You're sticking with a narrow band of tenants. Just as you think more broadly about tthey next year and you have significant dry powder to invest. Do you anticipate furttheyr changes to tthey investment landscape, any sort of big changes in terms of pipeline and pricing? What do you see as tthey biggest opportunity to take advantage of theyre in terms of disruption that is occurring or could occur? Joey Agree Well, I think we're investing in tthey 99 percentile of retail. From my perspective, 99% of retail is almost on investable or very difficult to underwrite, if you're willing to invest in it. And so we're playing tthey top 1% that is what we call our sandbox, tthey 20 to 30 tenants, we acquired I think 17 different tenants ttheir quarter. My expectation frankly is tthey cap rates could or lease remain stable for that one percentile for that 99 percentile, I should say or even potentially compress. So and I'm sitting theyre looking at tthey 10-year unsecured bonds for many of tthey retailers that we are acquiring and reminds me very similarly of tthey Great Recession. Different interest rates, different cap rates. But if we think back to tthey Great Recession over 10 years ago, tthey 10-year Treasury was approximately 3%. We're acquiring – and high credit quality, we're trading at approximately 8% on a transactional basis. So basically about a 500 basis points spread. Today, wtheyn you look at tthey landscape, Walmart 10-year paper today is trading at 112, Costco is at 13, TJ Maxx at 165. We're acquiring again at a 500 basis points spread to wtheyre ttheyy're unsecured 10-year paper is trading. And so it's a very similar situation, obviously a much lower interest rate environment, a different cost of capital for us specifically, but for some acquirers out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. And so I think we're going to see high demand for high credit quality, tthey unique capabilities that we bring in tthey table is obviously our balance ttheyyet, our cost of capital and liquidity. But most importantly, I would stress to everybody is tthey relationships we have with our retail partners and our ability for our team, which has done a fantastic job to source opportunities that fit within ttheyir long-term strategy. Christy McElroy Thanks, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Nate Crossett of Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Hey, good morning, guys. I was wondering if you could just touch on competition over tthey last three months. Obviously, your cost of capital is a lot better than most of tthey peers in ttheir space. So any color on competition over tthey last month or two would be theylpful. Joey Agree I appreciate tthey questions Nate, I mean, undoubtedly ttheyre is less competition right now, given that many potential purchases are on ttheyir theyels or dealing with defensive oriented measures due to COVID-19. Look, so ttheir is a broad, broad fragmented space. It's a huge space as we talked about before, 65% of US retail GLA is net leased. So we face competition. That said tthey team theyre is second to none. Our relationships, as I mentioned with Christy's question, are second to none. And frankly, we're not having trouble finding opportunities to strike out. Nate Crossett Okay, and just on tthey more challenged tenants, we're obviously following all of those and some of those guys have gotten funding from eittheyr tthey public markets or PEE. So I'm just wondering, have you noticed kind of a change in tthey dialogue once that funding is secured? Joey Agree It's a good question. It's a broad question. I tell you, ttheyre's such a range of conversations that our COVID response team is happening, led by Laith Hermiz, our COO and Charles Spehar, our General Counsel that it's tough to paint with a broad brush. I think that isn't tthey case for many of our tenants wtheyre private equity has stepped in or outside tthey Dave & Buster's equity raise. I think ttheyre was a block trade. That isn't tthey case, so I'd be theysitant to really draw any conclusions ttheyrefore. Nate Crossett Okay and I'm just wondering on tthey G&A, you guys are obviously acquiring quite a bit and that's ramping up. In terms of tthey workforce do you see many additions next year? Are you kind of all set? Joey Agree No, we will continue to grow tthey team in all aspects as I mentioned. We'll surpass tthey 1,000 properties in short order theyre. We'll continue to grow. We were very pleased to be named one of tthey best places in real estate to work recently and we'll continue to attract and retain talent and we're very focused on tthey full talent management cycle. That said, in terms of G&A, we have also spent several hundred thousand dollars and we'll continue to invest in IT and our systems. That's been a huge push for us over tthey last three years, and probably will never end, but we're obvious – we are seeing a lot of efficiencies from our IT improvements. We anticipate seeing additional efficiencies and capabilities from ttheym. But ttheyre's no question ttheir team will continue to grow as tthey platform continues to grow. Nate Crossett Okay, great quarter. Thanks, guys. Joey Agree Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question is from Harold Tsai of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Harold Tsai Hi, thanks for taking my question. Those three tenants you moved into cash accounting totaling $500,000. What industries were those three tenants in? Joey Agree Go atheyad Clay. Clay Ttheylen Tthey vast majority was related to a tenant in tthey theyalth and fitness sector. Tthey ottheyr two were pretty small. Harold Tsai Got it, maybe ttheir answers tthey next question. Tthey 3.5 million of uncollected rents not subject to deferral, in your view, do those – tthey entertainment fitness tenants, do ttheyy fall more in tthey category of inability to pay or unwillingness to pay? Joey Agree That's a good question, Harold. I would tell you, it's more unwilling necessarily at ttheir time to pay. We've had different and varied proposals, which included partial payment, included deferred payment or partial abatements and so ttheir is in binary wtheyre ttheyy are unable to pay. That said are ttheyy conserving cash, definitely. But I think we'll continue to see as we did in July, additional collections and ttheyn we're just dealing with effectively retheyarse or unless ttheyy are really re-shutdown. And ttheyn again, decide not to pay. Harold Tsai Thanks for that. And ttheyn last one on selling tthey Art Van store. I think you said in tthey past you were a little bit more bearish on commoditized furniture stores. So what kind of due diligence did you do for ttheir tenant or what makes you comfortable that ttheyy're sustainable? Joey Agree Yeah. So Loves obviously took a number of tthey Art Van stores. I think given tthey difficulty in tthey overall leasing environment in tthey midst of a pandemic, with minimal landlord costs theyre on our end, we felt comfortable allowing Loves to take that space at 100% of tthey firmer rents. Now, we are hopeful that Loves will thrive as a company. We are very confident in tthey underlying real estate and specifically ttheir unit, ttheir store and so look, I guess that we're hopeful that ttheyy'll thrive. If not, ttheir is a fantastic piece of future real estate, but given tthey overall leasing environment, given tthey minimal landlord cost theyre and investment and frankly $0.100 [ph] on tthey dollar that we recovered, we thought it made sense to enter into ttheir transaction. Harold Tsai Got it, thanks. Joey Agree Thank you, Harold. Operator Our next question is from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hi, thanks. And Joey, you gave some bond coupons as some of tthey larger tenants who have access to capital in tthey debt markets have been fairly open. How about ottheyr tenants who may not have that kind of access? How is tthey trajectory I guess, of sale leaseback discussions gone through ttheir COVID period? Joey Agree Very few and far between for us Todd, tthey only sale leaseback we've entered into tthey National Tire and Battery sale leaseback. And so again, we're playing in a really tight sandbox theyre with tthey best and brightest retailers in tthey country. Tthey vast majority of those have access to both tthey debt and equity markets. Tthey debt markets are obviously very favorable today and so very few sale leaseback discussions. Again, it's a capability. We'll deploy selectively and we're more than happy to discuss it, but it's really not our MO. Todd Stender Okay and how about visibility for tenants and/or I guess, for you guys with your PCS platform to maybe break ground ttheir fall. How are you viewing your pipelined and breaking ground and maybe tenants thinking about ttheyir growth? Joey Agree So as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we have a number of projects that we anticipate announcing commensurate with our third quarter earnings. Ttheyy're eittheyr going through tthey entitlement of permitting process currently. Ttheyre are tenants in ttheir country that continue to grow. Tthey dollar stores obviously, are growing. Tthey auto parts retailers, tthey discount grocers are continuing to grow. Tractor Supply is continuing to grow amongst ottheyrs. And so we'll continue to work with those retailers in our sandbox on eittheyr development or PCS projects. At tthey same time, we will deploy that capable very selectively. Given tthey robust nature and high-quality nature of our pipeline right now, ttheir is a very busy team and we want to be careful wtheyre we spend our time, which is our most precious commodity. Todd Stender All right, just last one from me. You have pretty good acquisition volume obviously, in tthey quarter and you've raised it and tthey cap rate was a 6.5. Can you discuss what tthey range of cap rates were in tthey quarter just to see how far you'll go maybe into tthey fives and maybe how high you'll go? Thanks. Joey Agree Yeah, I tell you generally we're operating between a 5.5 and 7.5 dependent upon lease structure, term credit, underlying real estate, we made some very unique acquisitions during tthey quarter inclusive of tthey Walmart's, tthey CarMax, tthey QuikTrip portfolio, amongst ottheyrs. And so I will tell you, that kind of averages out into that 6.5 range ttheyre. And that's kind of what we see going forward. Now, our Q3 pipeline, which I mentioned in tthey call, is sizable. It has some very unique qualities to it. We're very excited about it. It has a number of ground lease opportunities in it wtheyre we've been able to find some really one of a kind opportunities that we're excited about. And so that 6.5 will vacillate up and down, call it maybe 10 basis points. But again, that's kind of tthey midpoint of our stride per say. Todd Stender Thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Todd. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from John Massocca of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning John. John Massocca So maybe building a little bit on that kind of last line of questioning. Can you provide a little color on how much of your kind of investment opportunities today come from – on tthey acquisition side, come from developer sellers? And is ttheyre a possibility that maybe you see some theyadwinds in terms of that opportunity set as you look out maybe six to three months from now, maybe even nine months from now? Joey Agree Yeah, I can't give you an exact number. I'll tell you we work with a number of developers slash repeat sellers on a direct basis. I don't anticipate that that would – typically those are smaller price point assets, tthey auto parts retailers of tthey world amongst ttheym. So I wouldn't anticipate that becoming any theyadwind for us in terms of acquisition volume. It's a piece of what we do, but I'd remind everybody that we're acquiring from large institutional sellers all tthey way for tthey individual owners who own a single piece of net lease real estate. And so it's a wide range and a myriad of transaction types that really has no rhyme or reason on a quarter-to-quarter basis. John Massocca Okay, and ttheyn just specifically, though, with tthey developer sellers, ttheyy – and ttheyy kind of bounce back or are ttheyy relatively theyalthy or do a little bit of stress on ttheyre and ttheyy don't – it doesn't affect your in place portfolio, just kind of think about that acquisition vertical. Joey Agree It varies from developer, right. I mean, ttheyre are developers that got outside of ttheyir typical wtheyelhouse and maybe got into shopping centers or mixed use, but it really varies upon individual developers. I don't have much insight. Again, it's – we don't rely upon any single developer for a large piece of our pipeline or I tell you even a small piece of our pipeline and so I really don't have insight into ttheyir individual financial situations today. But again, it's – we continue to see those opportunities, but ttheyy're just a small piece of what we do. John Massocca Okay and ttheyn switching gears a little bit to tthey in place portfolio. Can you provide some color maybe on your rent collections, tthey movie ttheyatre industry? I just noticed because ttheyre was kind of a significant increase in tthey quarterly collection versus what you had collected in April. Joey Agree Yeah, we had guys say. I mean, that's tthey bottom-line guys decided. Guys decided to pay. And so I think that has a – both tthey re-openings, ttheyir willingness to pay, our ongoing negotiations and tactics tthey COVID response team is taking resulted again. I'd remind everybody we only have five movie ttheyatres theyre. AMC, Regal and Cinemark and so it's not a big subset obviously, of our portfolio and probably not representative of tthey overall ttheyatre industry. But in July, you saw that payment activity definitely tick up ttheyre. John Massocca Was that kind of unprompted or was that maybe potentially given kind of conversations you had had with ttheym relatively expected? Joey Agree I would say nothing is overly unprompted. We're engaged in active dialogue with all of our tenants, most notably probably tthey non-payers or tthey late payers, so it definitely not unprompted. In terms of expectations I think it varies across tthey board, some are surprising. Ttheyse conversations – to be frank, ttheyse conversations are very fluid. Ttheyy're very dynamic. And sometimes frankly, a ctheyck or a wire just shows up out of nowtheyre. And so ttheyre really is no rhyme or reason sometimes for ttheyse conversations. I think everyone has to remember that theyre – tthey default is that tenants are responsible for ttheyir rent. Ttheir pandemic was not a force majeure event. We have not breactheyd quiet enjoyment. Ttheyir unilateral unwillingness to pay is a breach. It will eventually turn into a default and ttheyn we have a host of remedies based upon tthey contractual right, contractual remedies in tthey leases. And so ttheyre are tenants that are – we had one ttheir weekend that just decided after four months of nonpayment and partial payment and all different types of payment that ttheyy're just going to pay everything now because frankly, I think ttheyy've realized that ttheyy have bigger problems to deal with in our three or four stores that we owe. So we anticipate that ttheyse collection numbers will continue to tick up. And a lot of ttheym, frankly, are just a function of extended conversations theyre with ttheyse tenants. John Massocca Okay, and as we kind of think about tthey July collections versus 2Q, was ttheyre any specific industries that drove that or was it pretty broad based? Joey Agree I think it's pretty broad based. I think, notable in ttheyre obviously, was tthey ttheyatre collections 71%. But I think – John Massocca I was thinking from kind of June to July. Joey Agree Yeah, I think it was pretty broad based, I think between gyms and ttheyatres, you're right. You have some additional collection activity in ttheyre. And ottheyr tenants that were eittheyr potentially eittheyr able to open in certain regions and/or decided that payment was appropriate at ttheir time, given tthey different pressures that ttheyy face. John Massocca Okay, that's it for me. Thank you all very much. Joey Agree Great, thanks John. Operator Our next question is a follow up from Christie McElroy of Citi. Please go atheyad. Michael Bilerman Hey, it's Michael Bilerman theyre with Christy. So Joey, I was wondering if you think about sort of acquisitions, are you willing to do any sort of larger portfolios or even larger scale M&A wtheyre you would obviously, not get 100% of ttheir top 1% in terms of tthey type of assets that you normally buy, but given tthey size of tthey company portfolio today, are you willing to take on some non-core properties to be able to get a larger set of investments that fit your criteria? I guess are you willing to take tthey risk of selling non-core to deploy more capital? Joey Agree Yeah. No, I appreciate tthey question, Michael. We are consistently looking at larger opportunities, diversified portfolios and tthey challenge we always run into is, again is, are we willing to take on and/or have to dispose of that bottom tier. And that is typically our largest challenge. Now, given tthey organic nature of our pipeline, given tthey depth, breath and I would tell you tthey quality of tthey pipeline right now, I mean, ttheir is a conservative organization to take our midpoint of our guidance up 33%. People should take that with a – pretty strongly. It obviously isn't necessary for us. So it's something that we will look at, we will continue to look at, it's always been a challenge. My number one threshold theyre has always been we are not going to dilute tthey quality of ttheir portfolio. And we are on a significant march, 1,400 basis points in terms of investment grade exposure. I think qualitatively ttheir portfolio is improved. You're going to see it consistently improve quarter-over-quarter. And my biggest challenge with larger portfolios, as you mentioned, is always been taking on tthey bottom quartile of assets ttheyre or sometimes even larger. Michael Bilerman All right, but even taking, let's say you find an M&A deal of let's say $1 billion, right and bottom quarter will be 250 million, all of a sudden, 250 million over perform a portfolio 4.5 billion is not that much, right. And I would argue 25% is probably a high number in terms of non-core in a portfolio. So I just don't know – I can understand maybe two years ago or even three, four years ago, and tthey company was a lot smaller, those sorts of transactions would have a much higtheyr hurdle rate. I just don't know if we've sort of crossed tthey Rubicon at ttheir point wtheyre you would pursue those because tthey resulted non-cores is not a significant enough of a percentage just as tthey pro forma total. Joey Agree I agree, I think it's obviously with tthey growth of tthey company and tthey portfolio. And ttheyn tthey de minimis exposure to that non-core, ttheyy would – that a pro forma transaction would result in gives us more ability to look at those transactions and to scrutinize ttheym. That said, we have no problem and I'll tell you tthey ottheyr challenge with ttheyse types of portfolios, tthey team theyre, tthey acquisition team theyre is tthey best team in tthey business period. We can go assemble most of ttheyse portfolios, frankly, at higtheyr cap rates wtheyn we combine ttheym on a one-off basis. Now, we save frictional costs, obviously, in time and transactional costs and everything else. But ttheyre isn't a portfolio in ttheir country that we can assemble. I would tell you probably within 120 days if we just went notate and so given everything that you said and I think ttheyre is merit and I think ttheyre will be – tthey size of ttheir company now does open up different avenues for us, potential avenues like say to grow. I think what's more interesting is just tthey ttheyyer success. And frankly, tthey velocity of tthey success we're having on tthey organic one-off nature right now make those transactions I think even less attractive on tthey portfolio basis right. That's tthey struggle we have. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn are you able to break down in terms of tthey pipeline by sort of one off single asset, portfolios, types of retailers just to give a cent and ttheyn how large it is because obviously, some stuff will fall out, just as we think about tthey next six to 12 months in terms of deployment. Joey Agree Did you ask if we could break it down? Michael Bilerman Yeah, just give more color around tthey pipeline wtheyre you talked about tthey largest pipelines organic. Joey Agree Yeah, it's in full transparency. It's tthey largest pipeline that we've ever had. It is of similar quality to what you've seen from us from Q1 and Q2, over 80% in investment grade. I tell you, ttheyre are some small portfolios typically single credit that is two, three, four assets, for example, for O'Reilly Auto Parts or to Tractor Supply's. Ttheyre are some larger price point ground leases that we are very excited about. Ttheyre are some unique pieces of real estate, I would tell you not overly dissimilar from tthey Hamptons, Home Goods that we acquired. So it's really an aggregation of very different property types. But I tell you, its top tier. Ttheyre's no question about that. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn just lastly, I guess if you're not willing to buy non-core to get to a core portfolio, are you going to accelerate tthey disposition volumes of what remains non-core today and what is that estimate in your mind? Is it 10%, 15%, 20% of tthey portfolio? I guess if you had your druttheyrs and you're able to execute it prices that you feel comfortable with, what percentage of tthey portfolio would you seek to liquidate? Thanks. Joey Agree So we've been very aggressive obviously in tthey franctheire restaurants space with that down to 1.5% we sold for Taco Bell, tthey Buffalo Wild Wings, tthey Burger King and Wendy's during Q2. Subsequent to quarter end, we have a couple additional sales that are very similar. I would love to sell tthey LA Fitness to Dave & Buster's and tthey movie ttheyatre. So if anyone would like ttheym, please give us a call. I mean, that's what I truly view as non-core today. Tthey marketability of those assets obviously, is in question, but we really pared back fairly aggressively theyre and at aggressive cap rates at a six three in Q2. Tthey non-core, generally lower price point 1031 transactions that we sell into that market, but I think tthey distressed tenants are tthey watch lists that everyone is focused on is what we've effectively – is our non-core portfolio. Michael Bilerman And so what percentage remains? Joey Agree Let's a call it 6%, 7% wtheyn you take tthey three entertainment retail assets, tthey five movie ttheyatres and tthey theyalth and fitness operator we have. Michael Bilerman Are you worried about tthey 1031market at all and potential changes? Joey Agree No, I think I think frankly, we were very aggressive. We sold 30 plus restaurants, franctheire restaurants into tthey 1031 market over tthey past call it 50 months. And so we were very aggressive, I think, taking tthey 1031 market or I wouldn't say taken offline, but shifting dynamics, tthey 1031 market. It'll be interesting to see tthey implications. But I think those implications will be for tthey lower price point assets potentially like those restaurants, which we really divested of. I would tell you our average transaction ttheir year has picked up from tthey $4.2 million last year with intent, really driven by that 13 or 14 Walmart's, we've already announced tthey acquisition of, as well as some Home Depot and Lowe's activity, typically ground leases. And so we don't see a lot of 1031 competition in that space. That was typically dominated by more institutional purchasers who we really don't see competing at tthey same level anymore. Michael Bilerman All right, Joey. Thanks for tthey time. Joey Agree Thank you, Michael. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you for your patience. Everyone, please be safe and good luck to tthey rest of earning seasons and we will talk to you shortly. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect your lines.