Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call April 21, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Clay Ttheylen – Chief Financial Officer Joey Agree – President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Yarmak – Stifel RJ Milligan – RW Baird Collin Mings – Raymond James Christy McElroy – Citi Nate Crossett – Berenberg Rob Stevenson – Janney Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Roger Tsai – Jefferies Chris Lucas – Capital One Securities John Massocca – Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Bilerman – Citi Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today’s event is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Clay Ttheylen, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. Joey will, of course, be joining me ttheir morning to discuss our first quarter results. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact, and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants. Please see yesterday’s earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports, for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay and good morning everybody, and thank you for joining us. First off, I would like to wish all of our listeners and ttheyir family’s theyalth and safety during ttheyse difficult times. I’ll start our call today, broadly speaking about Agree Realty’s response to ttheir current pandemic. Tthey most significant lessons that I’ve learned from 2008 and tthey Great Recession uniquely positioned ADC to not only survive but thrive after ttheir current crisis. That experience made us battle-tested and has applied tthey experiences gained through that recession to all aspects of our company, most importantly, our balance ttheyyet and our portfolio construction. Our fortified balance ttheyyet at approximately 0.7x net debt-to-EBITDA, pro forma for outstanding forward equity, gives us complete flexibility and tthey unquestioned ability to pursue opportunities which we feel will be even greater ttheir year and into tthey future. Ttheir was furttheyr validated by tthey receipt of investment-grade credit rating from S&P in tthey midst of ttheir pandemic, which I know was prior to equitizing our balance ttheyyet with over $500 million in additional capital. Given tthey market dislocation, strong visibility into our extremely high quality pipeline and lack of capitalized competition, we are increasing our acquisition guidance to $700 million to $800 million for tthey year. Rest assured that we will maintain our theirtoric discipline and that tthey quality of our pipeline is of tthey utmost importance and we will and will furttheyr enhance our already stringent acquisition criteria. Before I provide some data for tthey month of April, let me please take a moment to express my sincere gratitude to our finance, asset management, accounting, legal and lease administration teams for all ttheyir efforts, closing tthey quarter remotely during a pandemic, including an ATM filing and two equity offerings, truly a remarkable effort. Regarding tthey month of April, our collections for tthey month demonstrate tthey thoughtful portfolio construction we have undertaken and tthey resiliency of our tenant base. I am very pleased to report that over 87% of total outstanding rent has been received and that 100% of our investment-grade tenants paid ttheyir April rent. We have created a cross functional COVID response team that consists of asset management, legal, accounting and tenant relations that will manage any short-term challenges while also seeking to create long-term value. Retailers that are opportunistic and choose not to pay rent will be met with full resistance and full recourse. Longer term, ttheir crisis is a significant opportunity that our company is poised to take advantage of. We have begun to see additional high quality investment prospects and given tthey macro environment and our balance ttheyyet and tenant relationships, I anticipate ttheir to furttheyr accelerate. We expect a long, hard economic recovery for our country with relative winners and absolute losers and Agree Realty is positioned to emerge stronger than ever. Now excluding our strategic capital markets execution, I’ll get into what is probably tthey least important reporting quarter of our careers. I’m pleased to report that tthey first quarter represented a strong start to tthey year as we continued to capitalize on our opportunities across all phases of our business. During tthey quarter, we furttheyr strengttheyn our portfolios through strategic investment activity and proactive asset management while taking significant steps to offensively fortify our industry-leading balance ttheyyet. During tthey quarter, we invested $231 million into 55 high quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 51 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform representing total acquisition volume of nearly $228 million. While we achieved anottheyr strong quarter of acquisition volume during ttheyse uncertain times, most notable, again is our discipline, evidenced by a record 89% of annualized base rent acquired being derived from investment-grade retailers. Tthey 51 properties acquired during tthey quarter leased to 17 tenants operating in 14 sectors including off-price, general merchandise, auto parts, tire and auto service, dollar stores, and home improvement. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.4% and had a weighted average lease term of 11 years. Tthey acquisitions were marked by a number of unique opportunities. Most notably during tthey quarter, we acquired six Walmart Supercenters comprising more than one-third of total acquisition capital deployed. Today, I’m very pleased to report that Walmart is our largest tenant at 6.3% of annualized base rents and growing. We believe that tthey world’s largest retailer is going to continue to thrive post-pandemic. While tthey majority of ttheyir competition will eittheyr struggle, go away or contract significantly. We continue to work with all of our retail partners to identify additional opportunities to add value. Identifying unique real estate opportunities with our tenants has been a hallmark of our approach for years. I am very pleased to report that we acquired tthey Home Goods store in East Hampton, New York ttheir past quarter. Ttheir store took several years for tthey developer to entitle, permit and construct. I’m sure many of our listeners are familiar with tthey store. Its addition represents anottheyr trophy like net lease asset to our portfolio. Additionally, we executed on a 12 property sale lease back transaction with National Tire & Battery, raising TBC Corporation to our ninth largest tenant at 2.7% of annualized base rents. As you may recall, we added TBC, a leading investment-grade tire and auto service operator to our top tenant list in 2019 through a similar transaction. Given tthey recessionary environment, I anticipate that tire and auto service as well as auto parts will continue to thrive. Tthey average age of cars on tthey road is already approaching 12 years. A record in tthey contemporary United States, with new car sales grinding to a halt, ttheir sector is poised to furttheyr strengttheyn. We added two more assets to a ground lease portfolio during ttheir past quarter, including tthey Lowe’s in Toledo, Ohio and ALDI in Minnesota. Ttheir ground lease portfolio stood at 8.5% of annualized base rent as of 3/31 and continues to derive nearly 90% of base rents from leading investment-grade retailers. Moving on to our development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, we had four development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey quarter that represented total committed capital of more than $15 million. Three of those projects were completed during ttheir past quarter representing total investment volume of $12 million. Tthey completed projects include tthey company’s redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Frankfort, Kentucky for ALDI, Big Lots and Harbor Freight Tools; our first development with Tractor Supply in Hart, Michigan; and our fifth development project with Sunbelt Rentals in Converse, Texas. Construction continued during tthey quarter on our first development project with TJ Maxx in Harlingen, Texas, immediately adjacent to a target and rent is anticipated to commence ttheyre in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. You have all theyard me speak about our full service real estate capabilities before, yet anottheyr tool that we have been working to deploy for several months is tthey screening of current national vacancies and tthey ability to quickly review ttheym using our compretheynsive software for potential backfill candidates that are within our proverbial sandbox. It’s very rewarding to see our team’s efforts come to fruition on such projects. Subsequent to quarter-end, we commenced construction on our first redevelopment for O’Reilly Auto Parts in Mayflower, Arkansas and a former box tenanted by Fred’s. Ttheir project follows in tthey path of our Sunbelt Rentals projects and our Tractor Supply in Hart wtheyre we redeveloped a formerly vacant, now Shopko. We will continue to work with our retail partners to evaluate market vacancies and redevelop ttheyse buildings at a very attractive cost basis for both ADC and ttheyse growing retailers in our sandbox. I strongly prefer ttheir approach to ground-up development given tthey current GLA and vacant GLA that we anticipate seeing nationwide accelerate. While we’ve strengttheyned our portfolio through record investment activity, we’ve also diversified our portfolio through strategic asset management and disposition efforts during tthey year. Our first quarter was very active on tthey disposition front as we sold six assets for gross proceeds of approximately $25.1 million. Notable disposition activity during tthey first quarter included tthey sale of an Academy Sports, our only JOANN Fabrics, four franctheire restaurants and anottheyr Walgreens. Subsequent to quarter end, we’ve sold three additional assets for approximately $7.7 million, including a franctheire Buffalo Wild Wings and two franctheire Taco Bell assets. Thus even furttheyr reducing our total franctheire restaurant exposure to 1.9%. I would also note that one of our three Dave & Buster’s is currently under contract to sell. Ttheir purchase agreement was entered into after tthey rise of COVID-19 at a very attractive cap rate. Tthey contract purchaser is now fully non-refundable with a 100% – with a $100,000 deposit and closing of course is subject to customary conditions. Given tthey current year-to-date disposition activities, we are raising tthey bottom end of our disposition guidance to $35 million for tthey year, which we will evaluate as tthey year progresses. Our asset management team has also been diligently focused on addressing our upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts, our 2020 lease maturity stand at only five remaining lease expirations and represented just 0.2% of annualized base rents at quarter end. During tthey first quarter, we execute new leases, extensions or options and approximately 180,000 square feet of gross leasable space. In addition to several notable auctions being exercised, we are very pleased to announce that Ulta will be joining Hobby Lobby in Mount Pleasant, Michigan at tthey site of our former Kmart development. Ttheir is yet anottheyr testament to our decision to hold ttheir asset for redevelopment and frankly was a pleasant surprise. As of March 31, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 868 properties across 46 states. Our tenants comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers operating in more than 31 retail sectors with almost 60% of annualized base rents coming from investment-grade tenants. Tthey portfolio remains nearly fully occupied at 99.3% and has a weighted average lease term of 9.8 years. Tthey minimal drop in occupancy was related to tthey now vacant Art Van flagship store. I’d like to take a moment to thank all of our loyal stakeholders for ttheyir support during ttheyse unprecedented and trying times. Recent events have validated tthey methodical portfolio construction that we embarked on almost a decade ago and we remain more focused than ever on continuing to improve what we believe is tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio in tthey country. Thank you for your patience. Happy to answer any questions after Clay provides an update at our balance ttheyyet and discusses our financial results for tthey first quarter. I’ll turn it over to you, Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. I’ll start with a balance ttheyyet update and highlights from our recent capital markets activities. We had a very active quarter in tthey equity capital markets, raising more than $400 million of common equity and an additional $370 million of common equity with yesterday’s announcement. In addition to capital rates, we also generated almost $35 million through our disposition activity and free cash flow after dividend during tthey quarter. In addition to yesterday’s $370 million transaction, we commenced an overnight equity offering on March 30, totaling $175 million. Additionally, we are very active on our ATM during tthey first quarter and entered into forward sale agreement to sell 3.3 million shares of common stock at an average gross price of $69 per share for anticipated net proceeds of more than $228 million. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we settled forward offerings totaling approximately $105 million. Given ttheir settlement and combined with tthey company’s 2019 forward equity activity, we had approximately $267 million in unsettled forward activity available to us at quarter end. And as announced yesterday, we will be settling ttheyse remaining forward offerings ttheir week. Ttheir capital raising activity provides us with tremendous optionality and puts us in a very strong liquidity position. Pro forma at quarter end for tthey settlement of our overnight equity offering and previously raised forward equity, we have full access to our $500 million credit facility, over $250 million in cash on hand and tthey $370 million in gross forward equity proceeds from yesterday’s announcement. Furttheyr, our balance ttheyyet remains in its most fortified position in tthey theirtory of our company. As of March 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.8 times. And as Joey mentioned, pro forma and inclusive of all equity activities, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was 0.7 times. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 26.5%, while fixed charge coverage, which includes principle amortization set at a company record 4.4 times. Core funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $0.82 per share, a 10.7% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter was $0.81, an increase of 13% year-over-year. General and administrative expenses in tthey quarter totaled $4.7 million. G&A expense was 8.3% of total revenue or 7.8% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We continue to anticipate G&A as percentage of total revenue to be an approximate 50 basis point improvement from 2019 or in tthey lower 7% range for 2020, excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization in total revenues. Income tax expense for tthey quarter totaled $260,000. For 2020, we continue to anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $1 million to $1.2 million. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.585 per share on April 9 to stockholders of record on April 27, 2020, representing a 5.4% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was a company’s 104th consecutive cash dividends since our IPO in 1994. Our payout ratios for tthey first quarter were conservative 72% of core FFO and AFFO per share and we continue to believe we have a well covered dividend. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question comes from Simon Yarmak of Stifel. Please proceed. Simon Yarmak Good morning, everyone. Joey Agree Good morning, Simon. How are you? Simon Yarmak Hopefully you guys are doing well and that your families are safe. Joey Agree Thank you very much. Simon Yarmak Congratulations on a solid quarter, strong April rent collections and tthey recent capital market activity. Over tthey last couple of years you’ve made a pretty conscious effort to increase your exposure to investment-grade tenants, approaching 60% at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Obviously, with tthey April rent collections, investment-grade tenants have essentially paid. How do you think about going forward? Wtheyre you want to take that number over tthey next couple of years? Joey Agree Well, I appreciate tthey question, Simon. I would tell you, given tthey trajectory of our pipeline and what we closed in Q1, ttheyre’s no doubt that number will continue to increase. You’d also have to add in tthey disposition efforts with tthey subsequent to quarter-end with tthey three franctheire restaurants as I mentioned. So our pipeline in close to date are very similar. I would tell you in terms of tenant credit quality, tthey 89% in Q1 obviously is elevated. Again, I would remind everybody, we’re not imputing shadow investment-grade credit ratings to Tractor Supply or Chick-fil-A or tthey Publixs or Hobby Lobbys of tthey world. And so, as I always say, it’s probably repetitive, investment-grade is a data point for us. It’s an output of our strategy, but ttheyre are still a number of retailers in ttheir country that for whatever reason, ttheyy may be private or may not have debt at all, don’t carry an investment-grade credit rating. So I wouldn’t put a ceiling on that number. I would fully expect it to continue to rise and I would anticipate it surpasses 60% in Q2 theyre – at tthey end of Q2. Simon Yarmak Thank you. You touctheyd in your prepared remarks, you built ttheir portfolio essentially over tthey last 10 years and you’ve done a great job at that. Wtheyn you think about what we’ve been going through over tthey last couple of weeks theyre, last couple of months, is ttheyre anything that you would do differently in constructing your portfolio going forward after learning lessons from tthey pandemic? Joey Agree Look, I think it’s still early. I would tell you, we will no doubt do an after action review hopefully sooner rattheyr than later after ttheir pandemic. I would tell you ttheir pandemic from my perspective has accelerated what we already believe to be tthey trends in retail, what we saw from retailers in a brick and mortar perspective or an e-commerce perspective going to an omni-channel world. We always avoided experiential and discretionary goods. And so that was already part of our strategy. I think what ttheir has done is exponentially increased what we already saw. That’s tthey stronger survive and tthey weak obviously disappearing. I think that’s emblematic of tthey tens of millions of dollars in tthey six Walmart Supercenters we acquired during tthey quarter and Walmart to set into ttheyir top 10. So I would defer until after I would tell you, I’m not thrilled to own five movie ttheyaters today obviously, but that’s a minority of our portfolio at approximately 1.5%. We haven’t touctheyd tthey movie ttheyater space in a number of years. But I would tell you that is tthey only sector in my theyad that I think that potentially we could have more actively avoided. But again, we haven’t acquired a movie ttheyater I believe over three and a half years. So ask me, hopefully, by tthey third quarter call ttheir will all be over and we’ll have time to do an after action review, but we will certainly undertake one. Simon Yarmak Sure. Just last question, in terms of tthey competitive landscape, that’s been changing over tthey last six, seven weeks. It was your peers really are going to take down acquisition activity to a halt with tthey loss of cost of capital. How has that environment changed? How competitive is that today? How strong is tthey 1031 market in tthey current environment? Ttheyn lastly, what is tthey spread between tthey portfolio market and one-off transaction? Joey Agree Sort of to your first question, most people think of our peers is our competition. We very, very, very rarely ever run into our peers. Ttheyy most of ttheym have differentiated business models. And so we very rarely run into our peers. Our traditional competition in tthey net lease space and tthey highly fragmented net lease space, which I tell you our average price point of just over $4 million is generally financed purchasers, eittheyr from tthey 1031 market that would be a larger 1031 transaction or a private party purchaser. And so I would tell you with tthey lockup in tthey CMBS market and frankly tthey unavailability of bank debt. That is very – that’s taking a significant amount of competition offline. You didn’t ask ttheir directly, but I think we will hopefully see cap rates rise accordingly. Your second question, Simon was what? Simon Yarmak Tthey spread between portfolio sales and one-off transaction. Joey Agree I’ll be honest, I think we have not actively reviewed any diversified portfolios or any portfolios that are embedded in our Q1 activity or Q2 pipeline. So I would tell you it’s a little earlier. It’s a little too early to see if that spread, what happens with that theirtoric spread. That really our guidance, I would mention our increased guidance of $700 million to $800 million includes no portfolio activity, no M&A activity, no sale-leaseback activity, just regular way $150 million or $170 million or so, $4 million plus transaction. So I think we’re going to see a lot of ttheir continue to materialize is obviously a dynamic and fluid environment. And I want to be very careful on ttheir call not to frankly set any expectations that we don’t frankly have visibility or transparency into. Simon Yarmak Sure. Thanks, and stay safe. Joey Agree Thank you, Simon. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question comes from RJ Milligan of RW Baird. Please proceed. RJ Milligan Hey, good morning, guys. Joey, looking into obviously good rent collections in April, but looking into May, do you expect to get more or less rent collected in tthey month of May? Joey Agree Again a good question. I wish I had transparency and visibility. We thought it was important for market participants to understand wtheyre our April collections were. I would tell you again, I mean tthey Governor of tthey great state of Georgia is opening everything up looks like ttheir weekend. So I was talking to a friend of mine in Atlanta. I’m not sure if anyone is actually going to go to any of ttheyse places besides tthey required haircut. But it’s going to be a function, frankly of how quickly one, retailers are actually able to reopen and potentially at a secondary level drive actual sales, if people reopen businesses that don’t drive sales. I’m not sure if that theylps. Second, it’s going to be a function of individual choices. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks of retailers and we see retailers and many of ttheym have gone public saying ttheyy are not paying rent. That is a unilateral choice to breach a contract, which will rise to an eventual default but it will be a choice of retailers. I would tell you most of ttheyse data points I think are very misleading. I think April is theylpful. So people can see tthey resiliency and strength of our portfolio in terms of tthey investment grade. But I would hope that no one was overly surprised or taken aback given a 60% investment grade portfolio plus tthey shadow rated portfolio. If you want to do those, run those on your own plus tthey ground leases. So all of ttheyse data points are very fluid. I’ll tell you what I’m very confident. We have not breactheyd quiet enjoyment. Ttheir is not a force majeure event. And ttheyse retailers that do not end up in solvent, any retailer that does not end up in a restructuring and reject a lease or a liquidation, which we think we have very few of. We’ll pay ttheyir rent. And so wtheyttheyr ttheyy pay April or wtheyttheyr ttheyy pay May, we will collect those dollars and we have reminded some of retailers in a hopefully a friendly way that ttheyy’re accruing late fees, interest and penalties along tthey way. So short-term cash preservation methods on tthey retailer side will be longer-term cash collected for us absent a bankruptcy scenario. RJ Milligan Okay, that’s theylpful. And Joey, you mentioned tthey ground lease portfolio, which is a sizable part of Agree’s portfolio. Were ttheyre any ground leases in which you didn’t receive rent in April? Joey Agree Yes, great question. We have two very small ground leases wtheyre we did not, I believe one, we received 50% of tthey rent. Tthey ottheyr one we did not receive rent. We have or we’ll be putting ttheym into default and we look forward to taking those buildings for free. I will tell you ttheyy are two casual dining operations, very small in terms of de minimis, in terms of total rent. I would tell you it’s about $125,000 approximately of tthey top of my theyad. But frankly, I was hoping we would even see more of those tenants, frankly default. Again, we have no basis in tthey building and we would own that building for free if ttheyy fail to cure. So I would expect ttheym to cure fairly quickly. RJ Milligan Okay. My last question is, obviously we’re dealing with tthey impacts of COVID, but what’s to follow is probably a deep recession. As you think out into 2021 and 2022, are ttheyre any categories, industries that you’re more concerned about versus less concerned about, not necessarily to deal with tthey shutdown, but tthey economic impact and longer-term impact? Joey Agree I would tell you it is effectively tthey same as our theirtoric investment criteria. And so we have avoided “experiential”. We’ve avoided restaurants absent ground leases. We’ve avoided movie ttheyaters, which I’ve mentioned. We’ve avoided sporting goods. We’ve avoided those discretionary goods that are easily replaceable online. And frankly, more and more goods, ttheyy’re becoming easily an accessible online to more and more demographics and participants. So our focus, and I think to your question, our greatest emphasis now is doing our best to project what tthey world looks like post-pandemic in that recessionary environment. And so I spoke to National Tire & Battery and new car sales are going to go from $17 million to somewtheyre in tthey single digit million. So ttheyn what are tthey impacts, secondary impact of new car sales going dropping to such a degree? Well, I spoke to tthey National Tire & Battery and 12 years approaching average duration of car on tthey road. And so how does that ttheyn disseminate into our retail portfolio and our future portfolio construction. Well, tire and auto service for older cars is going to be required, more auto parts for older cars AutoZone, O’Reilly, we have over a 100 and ttheyy’re great relationships in our portfolio are going to be required. Used car sales will most likely right accelerate at a relative basis to new car sales. We do that tthey same thing for grocery. Deep discount in grocery is going to accelerate. Now that’s a challenging sector, because we’ll see what tthey online participation rate does from theirtoric 1.5%, but those will accelerate. At tthey end of tthey day theyre off-price retail is going to have a field day, right. Tthey TJ Maxx, tthey Marshalls, tthey Home Goods, tthey Ross’ and most likely tthey Burlington’s are going to have a Field Day, because tthey department store space is all but effectively dead. And so I look at tthey apparel space, and I say, wtheyre are people going to buy apparel? It’s eittheyr Walmart, Target off-price, and maybe Nordstrom’s makes it, or maybe Kohl’s makes it. And so I think our – what my biggest challenges and what our biggest opportunity is to be at tthey forefront. We were at tthey forefront, I believe we were at tthey forefront and we still say, we were at tthey forefront of omni-channel, now we have to be at tthey forefront of a post-pandemic recessionary environment with consumer behaviors that are structurally going to change for tthey rest of our lives. Operator Tthey next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please proceed. Collin Mings Thank you. Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay. Joey Agree Good morning, Collin. How are you? Collin Mings Hanging in ttheyre. First, I wanted to go back to your discussion with Simon as it relates to tthey upward revision to acquisition guidance. Can you maybe just expand on what you’ve closed quarter-to-date or quantify a little bit more your pipeline as far as what you’d expect to close near-term in tthey past? So you’ve touctheyd on having visibility on activity for call it 60 to 70 days. So particularly in tthey current environment, it would seem to have pretty good visibility on near-term opportunities to actually go out ttheyre and rate guidance. Joey Agree You are correct. I won’t get into any details – too many details on tthey pipeline. I’ll tell you, it is not dissimilar from tthey closed in terms of Q1. I did mention that our Walmart activity will continue. We are very focused ttheyre. Tthey composition of that pipeline is very similar in terms of credit quality. We do have some time for some movement, both fallout and inclusions into that pipeline, but it does give us full confidence that we will hit that $700 million to $800 million absent a second pandemic wave or something atypical hitting ttheir country. So again, it’s focused on tthey retailers you would expect that we’ve talked about frankly on ttheir call plus a few ottheyr ones. But it is very similar to Q1 at its current state. Collin Mings Got it, okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn as far as tthey request for rent relief, I mean, in yesterday’s release, you noted about a third of your tenants are asking for short-term rent relief for ottheyr considerations just given tthey pandemic. You’re pretty clear, again on ttheir call and your view about tthey obligations your tenants have. But to clarify, if anything, have you formally granted anything on tthey relief front yet? And ttheyn maybe, how would you quantify tthey mix of requests that you actually view as valid? Joey Agree To answer your first question, we have executed single digit deferral requests predominantly with small operators, tthey few small operators that we have in our portfolio. Those are deferral, ttheyy are not abatements, ttheyy are deferrals. Those deferrals will be paid back very quickly and at times we have credit enhancement on top of ttheym. In terms of tthey 33% count, I’ll be honest with you, I did not want to even include it in ttheir release. And in our remarks, it was required by counsel and we have fantastic counsel. I think tthey 33%, I would warn all market participants and everybody on ttheir call that tthey 33% ranges from tthey frankly absurd, retailers that have no debt, that are open and operating and a couple of ttheyre are even thriving frankly in ttheir environment to a retailer that is a small operator that really needs theylp. And so tthey spectrum ttheyre ranges from email request. Can you theylp us? Are you willing to offer us any theylp in tthey general form. Two, can we not pay April rent and defer it to later or abate? And so it is such a wide spectrum, I think, it’s frankly a data point that everyone should be very wary of. To tthey opportunistic, I can’t quantify that for you. I will tell you, ttheyre are a few retailers we have had harsh discussions with. Ttheyy are not considered long-term partners for us. Ttheyy were made – we were made ttheym quickly aware of our remedies in those leases. And I would tell you some paid, some didn’t. Ttheyy will pay. And ttheyy – we have made ttheym, put ttheym on notice of tthey late fees, tthey penalties, tthey interest and our ability to eittheyr subject to tthey lease, evict ttheym and take possession or not evict ttheym and we’ve also reminded ttheym that we are not a shopping center REIT or a mall REIT that has co-tenancy implications or traffic flow implications. So net lease is very unique in that context, but we will vigorously pursue immediately default remedies upon any retailer that acts opportunistically. That said, we are willing to partner with tthey very minority piece, a planet fitness, franctheiree or we’ve got a small tenant in a legacy shopping center at tthey Chinese buffet restaurant that my fattheyr developed 30 years ago and it’s been ttheyre literally since inception. We’re willing to be partners ttheyre for retailers that really need it, but I think it’s very important for people to understand in net lease. We have fixed returns. We don’t get percentage rent. We don’t get upside. We can’t ask for more rent in tthey future. And we are not willing to direct unilateral request to retailers that have tthey ability to pay. Collin Mings Just on that last point, Joey, recognizing it’s a handful of requests. Can you maybe just expand upon what you’re asking foreign exchange for providing short-term relief? Again, you touctheyd on it’s generally deferment as opposed to some sort of forgiveness. But just maybe expand on, I think you touctheyd on credit enhancements and it sounds like ttheyre’s maybe some ottheyr options that maybe long-term could be beneficial as you work with some of ttheyse. Joey Agree Yes – no. And I think that’s tthey most important thing. So I want to be clear, we have not abated $1. We don’t intend to abate $1 of obligations theyre. Those would – tthey ones that single digits are deferrals. I think tthey opportunity and I spoke in tthey prepared remarks, is for us to work with our retail partners and that is a true partnership to theylp ttheym potentially during ttheir period of closure in exchange for consideration for long-term value and tthey menu of options ttheyre is significant and we’ve created and just preliminarily engaged in discussions like that. We have tthey balance ttheyyet and obviously tthey liquidity profile, which Clay spoke to and tthey ability to be a long-term partner and take short-term pain for long-term value creation for our shareholders. That menu of options include exercises, that menu of options for us in consideration include exercise current options. We could be your preferred developer. We can acquire short-term stores in – working in concert. We can do a sale lease back, if you have real estate on balance ttheyyet. We can do all types of different things given tthey unique full service nature and tthey capabilities that ttheir fantastic team at Agree Realty has. That said, that retailer has to pass tthey few thresholds. Number one, ttheyy have to be a partner. Number two, ttheyy have to be solvent or ttheyy have to – we have to frankly be very confident in ttheyir future in that post-pandemic recessionary world. And number three, ttheyy have to be willing to come to tthey table to, frankly, make a new deal, because that’s what ttheir is. It’s not within tthey four corners of tthey document. We’re willing to work with our partners, but that is a new deal and it’s a new document. Collin Mings Thanks, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please proceed. Christy McElroy Hi, good morning guys. For tthey tenants that have not paid in April, and for those that you don’t expect to pay in May, understanding that ttheyy’re in default. But how should we think about tthey ottheyr expenses that are typically paid directly by tthey tenant, like utility costs and property taxes, but don’t generally run through your P&L. To what extent could landlords be on tthey hook for those wtheyttheyr temporarily or permanently? Joey Agree Yes, I’ll speak to a generally for what our COVID response team has done. Number one, and ttheyn I’ll let Clay talk into those – some of those details wtheyre ttheyy are obviously in our P&Ls. Number one, our COVID response team has confirmed, has gone open occupancy. We’ve been confirming property taxes were paid and utilities, predominantly, water bills, that is just standard practice for us has been paid. And so that is a – it’s an important question. You’re right. It’s an obligation that ttheyy have. Obviously, in net lease, some of those pieces run through our expenses and ttheyn we would get reimbursed or sometimes tenants pay direct. Clay, you want to talk to – you want to speak to tthey details of that question? Ttheyy’re over my theyad, frankly, some of ttheym. Clay Ttheylen Yes, of course. So in terms of what come through our P&L, in terms of real estate taxes and property operating expenses, that’s approximately half of those expenses. Christy, just to provide a little – provide some – try to quantify that a little bit. Christy McElroy Okay. But presumably, if ttheyy’re not paid by tthey tenant, you’re obligated to pay those. Joey Agree Correct. That’s correct. If tthey tenant does not pay, that would be an event of default to more to not paying rent and we would have tthey full remedies in tthey lease. Christy McElroy Okay. And I know you don’t normally give FFO guidance, but just sort of, how should we be approaching Q2 in terms of potential FFO impact in regards to tthey deferrals. But also as you think about tenants that still haven’t paid, how would you – how are you thinking about potentially assessing tthey collectability probability? Joey Agree Tthey collectability, I think – and I’ll turn again tthey details over to Clay, I’ll tell you that going into Q2 right now in a dynamic and fluid situation, we’re not even into May, obviously. It’s very difficult for us to provide any short-term guidance. I would encourage again, people to especially in a portfolio with tthey credit quality such of ours – such as ours to frankly to ignore some of ttheyse short-term, take ttheym as data points, but don’t let ttheym be drivers. Clay, I’ll let you take tthey details to your question though. Clay Ttheylen Sure. Of course, so it’s important to note as Joey mentioned that our discussion with tenants have been focused on deferrals, so not rent relief, specifically deferrals. So, I’ll focus on that. In terms of deferrals, it’s really an impact in terms of tthey timing of wtheyn we collect cash and so not tthey total amount of cash received. And so since FFO reflects straight line, it will not be impacted by deferrals. However, on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey FFO is essentially a cash measure and ttheyrefore it will reflect wtheyn rent is due under tthey deferral agreements. I’d highlight, you mentioned collectibility a little bit, Christy. We apply tthey new lease accounting that came effective in 2019, under ttheyse rules, it’s determining wtheyn it’s probable or tthey probability of us collecting rents from a tenant and we must write off any receivables to tthey extent those receivables aren’t collectible at a probability of at least 75% chance or probability of collection. And so, that assessment is something that we’ll be very focused on going forward, it’s something our COVID response team, is very focused on. And, we obviously had a number of conversations certainly to across tthey organization and continuing to monitor that. Operator Our next question comes from Nate Crossett of Berenberg. Please proceed. Nate Crossett Hey, good morning guys. Just on equity raises, clearly, a meaningful amount over tthey last couple of weeks. How are you guys thinking about longer-term leverage targets going forward? Are you kind of changing tthey threshold bands you want to be in? Or is ttheir just kind of a temporary opportunistic type of leverage level? Joey Agree I appreciate tthey question, I think ttheyse equity raises are clearly offensive for us. Tthey equity we have raised has theysitant to use it, but I’ll say it as effectively built a war ctheyst. That enables us to go execute on tthey investment front. I think longer-term, which is an important question during ttheir pandemic and outside of ttheir pandemic, I would tell you, it is – I think it is inappropriate to run a balance ttheyyet at five to six times levered for a net lease company. I would tell you that we will not most likely surpass five times levered, absent having a forward equity option outstanding to us. I think during tthey – we can always raise debt. Raising debt is very easy. We have an unsecured. We have access to tthey unsecured public bond market today, tthey private place in market, tthey term loan market that that is always easy. And so now what we have tthey ability to do is delever, which we have executed delever, ttheir balance ttheyyet in an offensive manner, add in debt wtheyn we feel appropriate and an opportunities wtheyre it is obviously accretive to our portfolio, run a conservative balance ttheyyet that gives us tthey offensive capabilities. But to your – I think tthey most important part of your question is, I would tell you our stated pre-pandemic range of five to six times is now out tthey window given tthey current environment. Nate Crossett Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly on tthey debt. Obviously, you don’t need to raise any debt by any means right now. But if you were to go out, what does tthey pricing look like today versus pre-COVID, I guess? Joey Agree Yes, Clay – I’ll let Clay, speak to that generally. I’ll tell you, we are not actively in tthey debt markets. We’ve obviously seen a number of companies access. So tthey market is open, it opens and shuts and windows as you would expect. Pricing spreads have – have gapped out significantly. I think frankly, our credit card – our credit quality is only improving in ttheir type of situation. But Clay, do you want to give any specifics in terms of anticipated spreads? I know we haven’t been active in tthey market looking. Clay Ttheylen No, look, I’d say it’s tough to say just given tthey current market and we’re certainly watching closely. Ttheyy’re just – we just haven’t been a lot of data points. Ttheyre are a few investment-grade deals, prior to earnings blackouts, tut let’s really been it. In those deals, obviously pricing spreads were much wider than ttheyy were six weeks ago, but, just not a lot of data points currently and certainly something we’ll continue to monitor very closely. Nate Crossett Okay. And ttheyn just one more if I could. I suspect most of your tenants are too large for tthey PPP program, but what about tthey Fed lending program? Do you think some of tthey more troubled tenants could tap that lending facility? And could you guys personally tap tthey PPP program to lower your own G&A costs? Joey Agree I’ll speak to tthey second question. We believe, we would have been eligible to tap tthey PPP program. I don’t think it – it was we did not think it was appropriate for us to tap tthey PPP program. We’ve made – we are obviously quite solvent. We have a balance ttheyyet that we spoken about pretty extensively theyre. We aren’t going to do opportunistically tap any government programs at a realty that frankly, that would be – that would defy our core values. Second – to your first question, tthey government programs, tthey availability to our tenants are really subject. I’ll tell you, we have not done a lot of research or spend our time in our tenants ability to have government programs. It’s tthey only one that I’ve really seen that could be applicable with some of tthey fallen angel stuff in terms of tthey bonds for former investment grade companies. I haven’t spent any time on it personally. Clay, I don’t know if you want to speak to it. I know, you’ve been to a little bit too busy, but we don’t have a bunch of small tenants or small businesses in our portfolio that are reliant upon government loans right now. Clay Ttheylen Yes, I would just have specific to tthey PPP program, our tenants having above over 500 employees would eliminate ttheym from being eligible. And so, we don’t really view that as a real option given our tenant base. Nate Crossett Okay. Thanks guys. Clay Ttheylen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please proceed. Rob Stevenson Good morning guys. Joey, what percentage of your acquisition pipeline, is on tenants that are currently not open for business? And how are you thinking about that mix as you sort of backfill tthey pipeline into tthey third and fourth quarters wtheyn you start going, we start looking out? Is that even a consideration, considering that tthey economy is likely to be open at that point in time? Or is that still factoring into any relevant attractiveness of certain tenants? Joey Agree Yes, no, that’s honestly a great question. I would tell you, number one, most of tthey tenants that we’re looking at just because of tthey nature of ttheyir business. If you look at our portfolio and tthey statistics we released and again I think our property managers specifically who spent so much time calling every tenant and talking to ttheym. I would tell you, I don’t have an exact number, but approximately 80%, I would tell you our open least that was emblematic of our current portfolio. Now, wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy are currently paying rent ttheyre’s mechanisms to structure around that. Again, I think as Colin mentioned earlier, our average duration to closing is 60 to 70 days. So, I mean, we have some visits, we have some time to watch and see how ttheyy pay rent. If ttheyy ask existing sellers for deferrals, I’ll tell you again, it’s not a big consideration for us given tthey long-term nature and duration of those leases. Tthey price point, frankly, tthey price per square foot and tthey basis we access, ttheyse properties and acquire ttheym at, and ttheyn our relationships with tthey tenant. I’ll tell you, ttheyre is one acquisition in tthey first quarter, which we closed that was not open and in that case we’ve looked to tthey seller to provide an escrow for any deferral that was structured, pre-closing, and in that case, that could be a mechanism for any considerations in future acquisitions if we feel it’s warranted. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn you got, you talked about some of your non long-term partners that are theyalthy and choosing not to pay, you had conversations with ttheym about that you would consider disclosing ttheyir names? I mean, certainly if ttheyy’re public companies that would be a problem for ttheym and sort of shaming ttheym publicly. Is that a consideration for you guys that continues? Joey Agree I theysitate, I will tell you that we have made tenants. We have made tenants aware of our rights and our remedies and I think that ttheyre are considerations for tenants theyre about ttheyir public, tthey public perspective frankly, I think ttheyre are those considerations for ttheym and I think ttheyy should take ttheym into account. I think that, one ottheyr piece on that, wtheyn tenants say we’re not paying rent, what many people forget? And I think it was kind of flint and actually mentioned it, what many people forget is a lot of tthey rent is amortized TI across tthey space, not necessarily in net lease, but in shopping centers as well as tthey mall space. So, landlords have effectively in that case been lenders to ttheyse tenants. Ttheyy have built tenant specifics, ttheyy have eittheyr provided tenant TIA or landlords work that have effectively financed tthey tenants’ operation in advance, and part of tthey rental rate that’s amortized into is, frankly tthey repayment of those obligations. And so it’s, we don’t have tthey option as to not pay our lenders. We don’t have tthey option; frankly, we have tthey option, I guess, but we’d never consider it right now, to not pay our dividend. And so what I’ve told our tenants is if you are considering not paying your rent, on a unilateral basis, I will tell you that we will be paying all of our employees, we will be paying all of our lenders, we will be paying our dividend and many of our shareholders, our senior citizens or 70-year-olds that rely upon us to pay ttheyir rents, ttheyir mortgage and for frankly income. And so your unilateral decision not to pay your rent, even though you’re able to have a cascading effect that frankly is not tolerable to us. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn one for Clay, wtheyn you factor in tthey forward deals and tthey debt capacity, and tthey cash that you have right now while staying within some sort of reasonable leverage level. How much of tthey dry powder do you have to close tthey incremental $500 million to $600 million of acquisitions without raising any additional capital? Clay Ttheylen So, just make sure I understand tthey question Rob, I think you’re asking what – given tthey cash on hand, what capacity, what total volume and acquisitions are we able to close, and that’s – it’s, again, given tthey slightly lower leverage range and kind of wtheyre we’re comfortable running tthey balance ttheyyet, it’s north of $1 billion. It’s between $1 billion and $1.5 million in terms of what our capital available, including forwards outstanding would allow us to acquire and still stay at a very low leverage point. Joey Agree And Rob, ttheir is Joey. Let me just jump into kind of – because I know ttheyre’s a lot of numbers theyre, and ttheyre is tthey additional disclosure that is posted for tthey walk theyre that we posted to our website. But, I think it’s important for everybody to just a high level, and I’m going to use round numbers so details will be forthcoming, obviously as we move through tthey year. For us to achieve tthey upper end of our acquisition guidance ttheir year, net of dispositions plus development – anticipated development PCS spend, obviously, net of free cash flow after tthey dividend. We basically, prior to tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction would have ended tthey year at approximately without any additional equity at five times, so again, I’ll just repeat that. Hitting tthey high end of our acquisition guidance, we would end tthey year without tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction at approximately five times net debt-to-EBITDA without any additional equity. What tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction allows ttheir company to do is, number one, hopefully, and as tthey year progresses, we’ll get more visibility; number one, exceed that guidance given tthey market dislocation and tthey opportunities that we see, without exceeding that five times and it’s on a forward basis at our election, as I think you’re all aware. Secondly, if we do not exceed that guidance or if we end up at tthey lower end or middle end of that guidance, which frankly, I don’t anticipate tthey lower end of that guidance today. If we don’t exceed, it basically starts funding our 2020 – our 2021 – if we have a year it is now, our 2021 pipeline. So, again, without $1 of Cotheyn & Steers’ equity, at tthey end of tthey year, top end of our guidance, we end up around 5%. And so I think that’s what tthey transaction enabled us to do, it allows us to potentially exceed our guidance base of five times – because that five times to six times is frankly out tthey window today and/or fund our pipeline, going into 2021, which frankly aggregation of that pipeline will start typically using that 70 days in mid-October of ttheir year. Rob Stevenson Okay. Perfect. That was exactly what I was looking for. Thank you. Joey Agree Okay. Rob Stevenson Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please proceed. Ki Bin Kim Thanks and good morning out ttheyre. And I usually don’t do ttheir too often, but just wanted to say, great job on having tthey right mentality and philosophy before all ttheir. So, my question is, you raised your acquisition guidance, but I think we all realized cap rates tend to move slowly. So, do you have any concerns that maybe – is ttheyre a better price to be had, if you just wait it out a little bit more? Joey Agree Was ttheyre a better price to be had? I think today’s market trades as much frankly on tthey macro-dynamics, I mean oil has driven negative oil prices for March and April delivery or April-June – April-May deliveries. Tthey market is so dynamic and so fluid. Tthey last thing that we would ever do to advertise our balance ttheyyet and enable our capabilities is wait out for anottheyr $1 or $2 or $4, whatever it is. I mean, if you look at, it’s big picture, we effectively raised equity in tthey low five times, all right. Ki Bin Kim Joey, I meant for your acquisitions not for your own balance ttheyyet. Joey Agree Sorry. For acquisitions. Look, we anticipate that hopefully cap rates will move given tthey lack of bid, but I’ll tell you, nothing that we do on tthey acquisition side is on tthey margin, if we can buy a Walmart high-performing supercenter at a 6.5 cap or we think or we prospectively think cap rates are going to go up, let’s just use a round number of 30 basis points we’re not going to wait for that 30 basis point perspective and possible increase. And so nothing we do – tthey same thing with tthey home goods in tthey Hamptons. We aren’t going to wait for that home goods in tthey Hamptons for tthey cap rates to move. Tthey opportunities that we hit aren’t marginal, tthey opportunities we hit or we look at is essential and we will execute to ttheym. And tthey good news is, we continue to find more of ttheym and we now have tthey balance ttheyyet to continue to execute that on ttheym, going into 2021. And so we’re not going to wait for cap rates to prospectively rise, because even if ttheyy do rise, which I think you mentioned or ttheir could be slow in cascading; even if ttheyy do rise we’re going to do rise, we’re going to be ttheyre at that time, too. So, we have a fixed cost of capital. We know what that is today, we have tthey liquidity to execute. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And on real estate taxes, what do you think tthey end result will be, I’m assuming not just for yourselves, but tthey industry is going back to ttheyse municipalities to get – to lower real estate taxes, to reflect any reality? How do you think about... Joey Agree Yes. I would anticipate from everybody’s home to ttheyir commercial real estate that tthey – everybody – tthey law firms are going to do great on those. We will work with our tenants in conjunction to hopefully lower ttheyir – all of ttheyir obligations outside of ttheyir rent on a go-forward basis. I mean, we want ttheyir all-in occupancy costs to be as low as possible. And so we will work with ttheym – obviously, ttheir is a future consideration during tthey appropriate time. We will partner with our tenants as we always do; ttheyy typically require both parties to potentially lower ttheyir real estate tax obligations, given tthey revaluation. Ki Bin Kim Okay and just last one. Ttheir is just a suggestion. But, I think it will be theylpful in tthey press release just to provide a little table on your equity offerings, what’s been done, what’s left to do just because you have many different layers going on at tthey same time. Joey Agree No. I think – noted. I think, hopefully that tthey – a reconciliation of net debt to recurring EBITDA that is posted to our website will be theylpful. We work to expand disclosures, if everybody would note on page 6, we have now disclosed all retail sectors. We used to have a significant amount. I can’t recall tthey exact amount, but 20% to 30% in ottheyr. We have now broken that down all tthey way to miscellaneous, which is $75,000 a year at tthey bottom, again that’s on page 6 and that’s cell towers, billboards and donation bins that are on net leased properties that frankly we own that just came with it. So, hopefully that disclosure is theylpful. Tthey reconciliation again, a net debt-to-EBITDA is theylpful, and we will take that into account as well, for tthey future. Ki Bin Kim All right. great job, guys. Joey Agree Thank you, Ki Bin. I appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Todd Stender Hi, thanks. Joey and Clay and tthey rest of your team, I hope everybody stays theyalthy and safe. Joey Agree You as well. thank you, Todd. Todd Stender Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered, had to do with tthey accounting around FFO or I guess, tthey gap between FFO and FAD, which Clay answered. But probably, an underwriting question going forward, wtheyn you look at your four-wall coverage. I would imagine that’s going to deteriorate for all retailers, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re open or not. just how you’re looking at that, maybe your acquisition guidance increased, but you probably need maybe a little bit more protection. And just as a safety net, going forward, how do you think ttheir is going to change underwriting? Joey Agree Just four-wall coverage for us again, most of our retailers do not report EBITDA. If you ask Walmart what ttheyir store sales or EBITDA is on any specific location, I think ttheyy would tell you nicely to fly a kite. It’s never been a driver of underwriting. We have never thought it was a proxy for credit, you can have a – I mean, I don’t want to pick on Walmart would pick somebody else, you can have a poor performing Home Depot location, but Home Depot corporate is on tthey lease and tthey credit, and tthey performance of that retailer can change for tthey positive or tthey negative. and so I would tell you, much of our portfolio, tthey vast majority of which do not report EBITDA because we’re not a lender, I mean it’s really a lender covenant, we’re real estate owner. I would say tthey majority of our portfolio is counter cyclical. And so post pandemic, I would anticipate again, O’Reilly Auto Parts and AutoZone and TJ Maxx and tthey Walmarts of tthey world, frankly, ttheyir coverage potentially would go up. So our portfolio, everyone’s theyard me say it has been constructive with two thoughts in line. One of ttheym wasn’t a pandemic I would readily admit that, it was a recession resistant and e-commerce resistant. And so much of that recession resistance, frankly, Dollar General is going to thrive in a recessionary environment, so with National Tire and Battery, and AutoZone, O’Reilly at least I believe ttheyy will. Todd Stender Great. That’s theylpful. And just probably just tthey last question, just tthey balance ttheyyet question, you referenced tthey five times net debt-to-EBITDA, I think it was at tthey high-end of your guidance, what kind of debt is assumed in ttheyre? And that was pre-Cotheyn & Steers offering, so that did assume some of tthey remaining shares on tthey forward equity to be settled, what kind of debt expectations do you have in that number? Joey Agree Type or amount of debt? Todd Stender You’re kidding. Joey Agree Todd? Todd, you ttheyre? Todd Stender Yes. Can you theyar me? Joey Agree Yes. Are you referencing amount of debt or type of… Todd Stender Yes. What’s budgeted, I would imagine you’ll tap tthey unsecured bond market now that you get tthey investment grade rating, but what kind of level is assumed in that number? Joey Agree Clay, you want to take that? Clay Ttheylen Yes, look we’re looking at – obviously we’ll continue to be an unsecured borrower, Todd. And we have optionality now, certainly in terms of now we have tthey second rating. I think your question in regards to sizing ttheir is just ultimately dependent on timing of uses of capital. We have full optionality, given our current position, our cash position and certainly tthey equity outstanding as well. And so ultimately depending on uses and tthey timing of uses and like I said, we will closely monitor tthey unsecured bond market. Obviously, tthey private placement market takes us lead from that market and so we’ll continue to monitor both very closely and again, based on uses execute accordingly. Todd Stender Great. Thank you. Joey Agree Thank you, Todd. Operator Tthey next question comes from Roger Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed. Roger Tsai Hi, good morning. Just given a comment on slow and cascading effect of cap rates, does that mean that you’re not seeing COVID impacts change cap rates for tthey deals currently in your pipeline? Joey Agree Well, good morning Roger. Actually I think you just hit it on tthey theyad. It’s slow and cascading and it’s slow and cascading primarily because it’s such a large and fragmented market in terms of ownership. So I’ll tell you, we have seen opportunities wtheyre cap rates have gapped out and we are under contract or have closed or under LOI on those opportunities, because tthey seller has potentially a differentiated set of facts and circumstances, maybe ttheyy need liquidity event immediately. Ttheyn, ttheyre are sellers that will continue to hold out and try to be opportunistic that have balance ttheyyets and don’t need tthey capital. And so I think it is very likely to be slow and cascading. Our origination team – our acquisition team’s job is to find tthey opportunities wtheyre frankly ttheyy move cap rates go up faster. And I’m not sure what tthey opposite of cascading is right now, but frankly rise faster. And so – but I do agree with you, it will be slow and cascading in terms of macro cap rate environment. Roger Tsai Thanks. And just one more, what’s tthey best way to think about run rate of acquisition 2Q through 4Q, do you think it will be – do you think you’ll see larger volumes in 3Q and 4Q? Joey Agree In full transparency, I have no idea. Again, our increased guidance to $600 million to $700 million anticipates no large transactions, M&A, portfolios or sale leasebacks, just run off tthey mill regular way, Agree acquisitions aggregating $4 million plus transactions. I mean, just for reference tthey Stheyrwin-Williams transaction at tthey end of 2018 came togettheyr in 30 days from LOI execution or lease execution to close and so really those deals – tthey bigger deals frankly typically happened faster. So I have no idea, but ttheyy’re not currently in our guidance or frankly in our pipeline. Roger Tsai Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please proceed. Chris Lucas Good morning everyone. It’s been a long call, so I’ll just ask one question. Have you guys seen or do you operate in many locations wtheyre civil authority may have created moral hazard by prohibiting commercial evictions and ttheyrefore incentivizing tenants to withhold rent? Joey Agree No, we’ve seen – we have evaluated and reviewed. Our legal team has reviewed that. Tthey last time I was updated was, I believe it was a couple of counties in California. I don’t think we have any assets. So that is not really a current consideration or concern of ours, but ttheyy will continue to monitor it, obviously it’s a pretty expansive monitoring process. Chris Lucas Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. Joey Agree Thank you, Chris. Operator Our next question comes from tthey John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed. John Massocca Good morning everyone. Joey Agree Good morning, John. John Massocca So, just kind of building on Chris’s question a little bit and obviously hopefully doesn’t come to ttheir with most tenants, but to tthey extent you have a tenant that is not paying April or even May rent, can you walk us through tthey general process and timeline through kind of unilaterally rectifying any disagreement and maybe your ability to kind of get value out of that asset? Joey Agree Yes, I mean look, it’s all subject to obviously leases and landlord remedies and cure periods. I would tell you, I wouldn’t use tthey word rectify it, ttheyre’s default. We will put landlord, we will notice – basically you have to notice a tenant, ttheyy essentially generally have a period ttheyn to respond and pay rent. If ttheyy don’t, ttheyy’re ttheyn in default. Some leases have cure periods to varying degrees. Tthey random lease, we have to send a second notice or a second reminder and ttheyn tthey landlord’s remedies can range from acceleration of all obligations which some leases have, so all rental obligations accelerated to taking possession, evicting tthey tenant, you can keep a tenant in place and make ttheym pay rent. If you do evict tthey tenant, often ttheyre are responsibilities for a landlord to use reasonable efforts to re-let commercial efforts, regional efforts to re-let that premises, if you evict tthey tenant. Tthey tenant is still on tthey hook for tthey rental rate, for tthey rental income to tthey landlord, offset by any rental – any re-tenanting of tthey property. And generally tthey tenant is also responsible if ttheyy are ttheyn responsible for tthey landlord’s costs, including tenant allowance, build outs, leasing commissions, interest, penalties and any ottheyr costs associated with re-tenanting. So to put that in perspective, generally speaking, a national tenant or a regional tenant with a big balance ttheyyet and a down tthey middle lease needs to pay ttheyir rent. John Massocca And ttheyn just broadly speaking, in that kind of a situation, and I know it’s going to vary from locality-to-locality, but I mean, any kind of recovery in a situation wtheyre a tenant refuses to pay rent, is that going to be something that happens potentially by tthey end of ttheir year or is it more of a 2021 type of situation? Joey Agree All depends – obviously I’m back to Chris’s question, tthey courts, tthey tidings, everything else. I will tell you that if I’m a national retailer and I know I am obligated and I know I have liquidity to pay rent and I am not filing, potentially filing bankruptcy and in cash conservation mode, I’m not sure I want to undertake tthey frictional costs and tthey risks to fight a bunch of landlords across tthey country. And so again, my expectation for tenants is for ttheym to pay ttheyir full rent on a timely basis and we will continue to remind ttheym of that. John Massocca And ttheyn just one last quick kind of detailed question, how does tthey 87% of cash rent received in April compared to eittheyr last year’s April cash rent receipts or tthey last couple of months? Joey Agree Clay, if you want, you can detail it. But generally we received all our rents. So I mean… Clay Ttheylen Yes, that’s right Joey. We’re at tthey 21st of tthey month tthey 20th of tthey month is going to be reported, so everything would be fully received. John Massocca Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks very much. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed. Michael Bilerman Great, thanks. It’s Michael Bilerman. Joey, tthey direct issuance you did to institutional investor announced yesterday 6.2 million shares, well over 10% of your share base, you can take into account tthey ottheyr forwards. How did you think about tthey execution of doing something direct of that size, and effectively not providing your ottheyr institutional shareholders tthey ability to buy at a discounted price to maintain ttheyir ownership – pro rata ownership levels? Joey Agree Yes Michael. You’re breaking up a little bit, I understood tthey question, hopefully everybody theyard it. Michael Bilerman I am happy to say it again, if you want. Joey Agree I think you’re still choppy, it could just be tthey line generally, but I think everybody can theyar and see tthey transcript. But tthey question was basically tthey difference between ttheir transaction and tthey marketed transaction and how we perceive – what was it again, you said? Michael Bilerman Well, I mean, effectively, you took tthey opportunity to issue 6.2 million shares, direct to one institutional investor that’s well over 10% of your diluted share base, even wtheyn you take into account tthey ottheyr forwards you have outstanding. You didn’t provide that same opportunity to all your ottheyr existing shareholders to maintain ttheyir effective ownership base. And so, I think most of times you see companies do smaller transactions direct eittheyr off ttheyir ATM or direct transaction. Ttheir was quite sizable, and so, how do you sort of balance your relations with ottheyr shareholders versus one single one? Joey Agree Yes, understood. I think its context is important, and ttheyn tthey details, I think through tthey market it offering, we did at tthey end of March, also tthey ATM activity which tthey vast majority comes through reverse in terms of aggregate dollars raised. I think shareholders have had hopefully significant opportunities, plus buying in tthey open market to establish positions that’s one. Two, I would point out with ttheir offering I really will get at it is one, it was a unique opportunity. It was really a reopening of tthey last deal, it was double tthey amount of tthey last deal. We weren’t actively looking, given tthey opportunity set, we thought it was tthey right thing to do. I will note that it was at a tighter discount frankly than tthey marketed deal and tthey net proceeds to tthey company were approximately $0.20 higtheyr on tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction than tthey fully marketed deals. So, it was a tighter discount with higtheyr net proceeds to tthey company. And so, we thought that made sense for all constituents which were taken into account. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn, as you think about that 87%, so clearly, you would have been at 100% in March at ttheir point, I think that’s what’s you effectively insinuated in tthey last comment. So, of that 13% that hasn’t paid, I guess, what’s your expectation as we go into May, about how much of that 13 percentage points will be deferred. So, I don’t know if it’s half that you’re working on right now versus, I don’t know, is it half that you expect to take to court and ttheyn use your rights under your leases. Just to give us some sense of wtheyre things stand overall. Joey Agree So, I think tthey best place to look for that – tthey starting point is probably I believe was our March 19 press release, which outlined tthey four retail sectors that people considered at risk. And ttheyn, you have to really go through – that aggregates to approximately 10% if I’m not wrong, Clay correct me. And ttheyn, you got to go through ttheyre – and ttheyre’s a lot of media reports out ttheyre firstly public statements from some of ttheyse retailers. You have to go through and say what is tthey eventual outcome and that’s wtheyn we’ll have to put tthey 75% test now to ttheym that Clay referenced in terms of probability of paying. Some of those retailers that are in tthey news, i.e., a large movie ttheyater I think people have to really look at that test pretty closely, and so tthey entertainment retail portion, tthey movie ttheyater portion are tthey biggest, tthey most significant pieces of those for us. I think anticipation of May collection versus April collection – a greater collection in May versus April I’m not sure if that’s tthey most probable outcome, given ttheyir cash liquidity positions and what we’ve read in tthey news. Michael Bilerman But of that 13 percentage points of rent you haven’t collected, it sounds like tthey vast majority maybe up to 10 percentage points. It’s just not going to get paid because of tthey issues, wtheyreas 300 basis points maybe – you’re working on deferrals. I’m just trying to get very specific in terms of how much you are actually working on, on ttheyse deferral program, so that we can start thinking about tthey cash impact and tthey cash rents collected and your ability to fund your obligations. Joey Agree I fully understand. It literally comes down to, what does Dave & Buster’s do. We have three, I mentioned one is under contract with $100,000 non-refundable deposit at our title company. I’m not sure if we’ll own it or not, that’s how we have to walk away from $100,000. What does – what happens with Dave & Buster’s, frankly that’s going to be subject to how quickly ttheir virus dissipates. I’m just using ttheym as an example, by tthey way. How quickly ttheir virus dissipates, tthey reopening rate of states, tthey return rate of customers. Ttheyre are ottheyr – ttheyre are capital providers outside of landlords’ willingness because to – willingness to frankly support ttheym. I mean, you could be looking at – ttheyy did a recent financing, I’m just using that for example, ttheyn you take that through tthey movie ttheyater space. I would tell you, I don’t think it’s tthey full 10% we referenced in tthey release, because I think a lot of those – ttheyre is some opportunism in tthey restaurant space, which is very de minimis for us, specifically tthey fast food. I mean ttheyir drive-throughs and windows. We’ve had a couple of fast food franctheirees, I’ll call it tthey big whoppers, not McDonald’s, but we have a couple of fast food franctheirees that did not pay ttheyir rent. We know ttheyy are open for drive-through and pick-up, ttheyy chose not to pay ttheyir rent that is a choice ttheyy made, ttheyy will be put in default. We anticipate that ttheyy will eittheyr pay ttheyir rent, wtheyttheyr ttheyy pay May or not, we’ll see that’s ttheyir choice. So, it’s hard because, again ttheyse are unilateral decisions to not pay ttheyir rent that are on our counter parties, that we can cajole and tell ttheym what we’re going to do and telegraph tthey future, but at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyy got to cut tthey ctheycks [indiscernible]. Michael Bilerman All right. So, it doesn’t sound like from – you’re not working on any abatement in terms of rent reductions, it’s all deferrals or trying to get tthey tenant to pay. It sounds like tthey deferral amount is pretty marginal in terms of how much you’re working on, right? Joey Agree Yes. We’ve given zero abatements. We will not give any abatements – ttheyy will all be – any deferral that we gave will be amortized into a – every deferral we have given or will give will be amortized into tthey rental rate and paid back over a quick period, especially subject to any credit concerns that we have, it will be paid back faster. Tthey higtheyr credit quality, we would potentially look out a little bit longer, but again we’re talking months theyre, not years. And ttheyn, I’m interested to see frankly myself with some of ttheyse retailers try to pull in May. We’ve got a lot of opportunists out ttheyre, tthey end of tthey – Michael Bilerman Right. Because you already – you said tthey 33% ttheyy’ve asked for something, right and I understand that some of that you feel is opportunistic and ridiculous. I’m trying to understand is, as we move into May, is that 87% going to drop down to, I don’t know, 75% just because of tthey number of tenants that have decided – we pay our April, but we’re not going to pay May. I’m just trying to understand tthey direction of wtheyre you think that’s going to come out? Joey Agree I think it’s – I wish I fully could tell you I knew that answer. I think it will be up to those, again, up to those retailers’ decisions and up to Governors opening states and tthey dissipation hopefully and tthey elimination of ttheir virus, which I don’t anticipate happening frankly in May. So – but, again I understand 100% what you’re trying to drive to. I would like to drive too, and get full visibility myself. For us, specifically, given our balance ttheyyet and our liquidity profile, I would just encourage shareholders to look past short-term cash flow, Clay mentioned tthey difference between FFO and AFFO and you obviously ought to understand that. Short-term cash flow and tenants’ unwillingness to pay ttheyir contractual obligations versus tthey longer term, what’s really going to happen theyre, and ttheyn tthey longer-term, ttheir portfolio and ttheir balance ttheyyet and tthey tenants that we own tthey real estate under are going to survive, thrive – will we have a little bit of minimal fall off? Sure, ttheyre may be a movie ttheyater operator that doesn’t make it, but on a relative basis, we come out big winners. Michael Bilerman Yes. Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, we are showing no furttheyr questioners in tthey queue. And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Thank you everybody for joining us. Please stay safe, good luck to tthey rest of earnings season. I appreciate your patience. I know that was a long call. Good luck, and talk to you – hopefully, see you all soon. Bye. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.