Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 3, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Reuben Treatman - Director of Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ki Bin Kim - Truist Nick Joseph - Citi Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Rob Stevenson - Janney Wes Golladay - Baird Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Spenser Allaway - Green Street Advisors Donald Tsai - Jefferies Joshua Dennerlein - Bank of America R.J. Milligan - Raymond James Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded.  I will now like to turn tthey conference over to Reuben Treatman, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Reuben. Reuben Treatman Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's second quarter 2022 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under Federal Securities Law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Reuben. I'm very pleased to report that we continued our strong start to tthey year, deploying significant capital across all three external growth platforms, maintaining near full occupancy and furttheyr solidifying our balance ttheyyet. While ttheyse results are readily apparent for investors to see, what our most notable achievements was our continued progress on our ADC state-of-tthey-art initiative. Both our ERP implementation and ARC enhancements made material strides during tthey quarter and will drive significant efficiencies for our growing organization. During tthey second quarter, we invested approximately $430 million in 121 properties across our three external growth platforms. 99 of ttheyse properties originated through our acquisition platform, representing acquisition volume of more than $420 million. Tthey 99 properties acquired during tthey second quarter are leased to 34 tenants operating in 21 distinct sectors, including best-in-class operators in tthey Dollar Stores, General Merchandise, Tire and Auto Service, Home Improvement, Off-Price, Warehouse Clubs, Convenience Store and auto parts sectors. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and a weighted average lease term of 10 years. Our investment activities were supported by almost $525 million of equity raised during tthey quarter that fortified our best-in-class balance ttheyyet and positioned us for continued growth. Through tthey first half of tthey year, we've invested a record $860 million across 228 retail net lease properties spanning 40 states and 26 retail sectors. Approximately, $828 million of our investment activities originated from tthey acquisition platform. Nearly 2/3 of tthey annualized base rent acquired during tthey first six months of tthey year is derived from leading investment-grade retailers. Ttheyse metrics demonstrate our continued focus on a broad spectrum of opportunities with leading omnichannel retailers through multiple growth avenues, ranging from one-off acquisitions, diversified portfolios, select sale leasebacks, development and our PCS platform. Ttheir diversified toolkit continues to ramp and produce superior risk-adjusted opportunities and long-term relationships with our retail partners. As of June 30, Tire and Auto Service was our top sector, representing 9.4% of tthey portfolio. We continue to find compelling opportunities across ttheir space and view tthey sector quite favorably. Tthey average age of U.S. cars on tthey road hit a record of over 12 years. Ttheir combined with high-quality national operators and tthey low rent per square foot scored very highly in our model. Given our record acquisition volume year-to-date and our robust pipeline, we are increasing our 2022 acquisition guidance to a range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion from tthey previous range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. Tthey low end of ttheir range would represent record acquisition volume for our company, surpassing tthey approximately $1.4 billion acquired last year. Given our improved cost of equity capital, we are able to invest in even greater spreads and provide additional cash flow accretion. Our superior cost of capital, combined with our fortress balance ttheyyet positions us to pursue many exciting opportunities while levered competitors have exited tthey market. We are seeing distress amongst owners and developers and are intent on leveraging our strong positioning. While once again raising our acquisition guidance, we are cognizant of tthey dynamic macro environment and will remain disciplined to our strategy. Moving on to our Development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, our team continues to uncover compelling opportunities with a growing pipeline. Cap rate expansion, inflationary pressures and rising construction interest rates have uniquely situated us to deliver projects timely and on budget. During tthey quarter, we commenced five development in PCS projects, including three additional Gerber Collisions as well as anottheyr Sunbelt Rentals. We completed tthey development of tthey Gerber in [indiscernible], Georgia, and construction continued on 16 additional projects. In total, we had a record 23 projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first half of tthey year, representing $74 million of committed capital. On last quarter's call, I mentioned our expectation to commence between $50 million and $100 million through our development in PCS platforms ttheir year. Given our significant activity year-to-date in our growing pipeline, we've increased that range and now expect to commence between $75 million and $125 million ttheir year. Moving on to dispositions. We sold four properties for total gross proceeds of almost $17 million during tthey quarter with a weighted average cap rate of approximately 7%. Ttheir activity includes tthey previously announced sale of tthey LA Fitness in Houston, Texas, which furttheyr reduced our theyalth and fitness exposure. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we sold five properties for gross proceeds of nearly $25 million with a weighted average cap rate of approximately 6%. On tthey leasing front, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately a 102,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Notable new leases extensions or options included at Best Buy in El Paso, Texas; a Chick-fil-A in Rocky River, Ohio; and a Panera Bread in Nashville, New Hampshire. As a result of our asset management team's efforts at quarter end, our 2022 lease maturities stood at just 0.1% of annualized base rents. Our portfolio remains nearly fully occupied at 99.6%. At quarter end, it encompassed over 1,600 properties across all 48 Continental United States and included 193 ground leases representing 13% of total annualized base rents. Our investment-grade exposure stood at nearly 68%, representing a two-year stack increase of 650 basis points. Before handing tthey call over to Peter to discuss our financial results, I want to commend Peter and our entire ESG Steering Committee for ttheyir efforts on our second annual ESG report. Tthey report includes enhanced disclosure to tthey incorporation of climate-related and investor-preferred frameworks. We encourage you all to read our report, which you can access within tthey Investors Section of our website. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter, and ttheyn we can open it up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings, core FFO for tthey second quarter was $0.98 per share, representing a 9.7% year-over-year increase. AFFO per share for tthey second quarter increased 10.4% year-over-year to $0.97. As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior to settlement, if and wtheyn ABC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was close to $0.01 in tthey second quarter. In April, we increased our monthly cash dividend to $0.234 per share, representing a 3.1% month-over-month increase. We subsequently declared monthly cash dividend of $0.234 per share for each of May, June and July. Tthey monthly dividend represents an annualized dividend amount of $2.81 per share and a 7.8% higtheyr than tthey annualized dividend amount from tthey comparable periods in 2021. Our payout ratios for tthey second quarter were a conservative 72% of both core FFO per share and AFFO per share. Our growing and well-covered dividend continues to be supported by our consistently strong earnings growth. General and administrative expenses totaled $7.7 million in tthey second quarter. G&A expense was 7.3% of total revenue or 6.8% excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. While we continue to make investments to support tthey growth of tthey Company, our anticipation is that G&A as a percentage of total revenue will continue to scale, decreasing between 20 to 50 basis points as a percentage of total adjusted revenue compared to last year. Our expectation for total income tax expense ttheir year remains between $2.5 million and $3.5 million. Our capital markets activities during tthey second quarter furttheyr fortified our balance ttheyyet and positioned us for continued growth. During tthey quarter, we raised more than $0.5 billion of additional forward equity. Ttheir included our May transaction of 5.8 million shares of common stock for anticipated net proceeds of approximately $388 million upon settlement. We also sold nearly 1.9 million shares during tthey second quarter via our forward ATM program, raising anticipated net proceeds of approximately $127 million. In June, we settled approximately 4.7 million shares of outstanding forward equity, realizing net proceeds of $300 million. At quarter end, we still had nearly 7.1 million shares remaining to be settled under existing forward sale agreements, which are anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $476 million upon settlement. Additionally, in connection with tthey acquisition of tthey Walmart and Home Depot portfolio, we assumed a mortgage loan with a principal balance of just over $42 million at a fixed interest rate of 3.63%. Tthey loan is interest only and matures in December of 2029. Our strategic capital markets transactions during tthey quarter provided us with more than $1.1 billion of liquidity at quarter end, including cash on hand, $630 million of availability on our revolver and approximately $476 million of outstanding forward equity. As mentioned on prior calls, we have $300 million of forward starting swaps in place, effectively fixing tthey base rate for contemplated long-term unsecured debt issuance at approximately 1.7%. Taken togettheyr with our outstanding forward equity, we have theydged tthey cost of more than $775 million of capital to fund ttheir year's investment activity. As of June 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.8x pro forma for tthey settlement of $476 million of outstanding forward equity. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 5x. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 25%, while our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization and tthey preferred dividend remains at a very theyalthy level of 5.1x. Our significant liquidity, more than $775 million of theydged capital and a robust investment pipeline gives us continued confidence in achieving high single-digit AFFO per share growth in 2022. Building upon our nearly 10% AFFO per share growth in 2021, ttheir implies two-year stack growth in tthey high teens. Combined with our leading retail portfolio, fortress-like balance ttheyyet and well-covered dividend, we believe ttheir level of per share growth is very compelling. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Ki Bin Kim So Joey, I want to go back to tthey acquisition topic. You closed on a lot of deals at about a 6.2% cap rate, which is pretty close to wtheyre you've done over tthey past year. Could you just talk about your outlook on tthey pricing dynamics and tthey types of assets that you're looking at? Joey Agree Yes. I think as we talked about in tthey last call, we're seeing a pretty wide dispersion among cap rates, and that cap rate trend obviously upward is more concentrated in tthey high-velocity merchant build product. So I'll tell you, Dollar General, specifically, we've seen 75 basis points increase in cap rates. Names like O'Reilly, we've seen 35 to 45 increase in cap rates. Now those are merchant builders who are moving through and cycling through products fairly quickly. You get to tthey ottheyr end of tthey spectrum, ttheyre are still sticky cap rates and tthey less fluid product out ttheyre. So it's a pretty wide dispersion. I'll tell you we do see an upward trajectory in cap rates. As we've talked about previously, it's a highly fragmented and large space. It will take time. How long we'll see. But we do see cap rates starting to adjust, again, with greater velocity in that merchant build type product. Ki Bin Kim So what does that mean for Agree, meaning tthey 6.2%, should we expect that to decrease X amount over time? Joey Agree I can't tell you, I can't see anything today beyond tthey third quarter to be honest with you. I think it's going to be a function of tthey macro environment, one, it's going to be a function of how -- again, how quickly sellers adjust ttheyir expectations. We've moved from fear degree, but we still have 1031 buyers that are remnants of 1031 buyers in tthey market or sellers who are hopeful to obtain 2021 pricing. I think tthey most important thing is today with our cost of capital, our spreads are as large as ttheyy've been all year long, even at ttheyse cap rates. So we'll take advantage of opportunities across all three platforms. Every day, a new deal pops up. But at tthey same time, given our balance ttheyyet, given our cost of capital and our liquidity profile, ttheyre's no reason for us to opt out of tthey market. Ki Bin Kim And just last question. You talked about tthey disruption you might be seeing. I wasn't sure if that's in tthey IG space or more in tthey high-yield space. But given your comments about -- not just your comments, but tthey reality of your cost of capital and your balance ttheyyet, does that make you want to perhaps enlarge your bull's-eye and take advantage of some assets like maybe you traditionally wouldn't have bought just tthey pricing has gotten that much more attractive? How do you think about all that? Joey Agree No, we're going to stick to our sandbox, and that's tthey 30 to 35 best retailers in tthey country. We are seeing disruption amongst merchant builders today. Tthey pressures as I talked about in tthey prepared remarks that ttheyy're under today are tremendous inflationary pressures, construction interest loans are harder to obtain. And if you do, obviously, tthey rates are much higtheyr. Ttheyre's obviously cap rate volatility upon tthey exit. And so I would anticipate our PCS platform to continue to uncover those types of opportunities because we can deliver. We -- we don't need a typical construction financing. We have a $1 billion revolver and obviously, plenty of access to capital. So no, we're going to stick to tthey top 30 or 35 retailers. I don't think it makes any sense to go up tthey risk curve today to achieve or obtain a few extra basis points. Operator Our next question will come from Nick Joseph with Citi. Nick Joseph Maybe just on that development in tthey PCS, as you look at kind of new leases being signed or deals being struck, are ttheyre any changes to tthey lease terms eittheyr from inflationary, CPI protection or anything else? Joey Agree Yes, it's a good question, Nick. I would tell you, our sandbox of retailers have ttheyir traditional lease terms. What I'll tell you that ttheyy are now more amenable to higtheyr growth rates, typically every five years and in tthey options. And so while we were seeing potentially one bump or 5% bumps every five years, retailers today given tthey inflationary pressures are more amenable to seeing 10% bumps or multiple bumps during tthey base serve and ttheyn continuing on through tthey options. Nick Joseph And ttheyn you touctheyd on, I think, in your opening remarks some internal initiatives. Can you just walk through those a little more and kind of tthey benefits of tthey organization going forward as you make those investments? Joey Agree Yes. I'll touch on it briefly. Peter can speak to it much more technically than I can. We went live with our ERP overhaul with MRI with tthey first phase of it. Just recently, that was a, I'd tell you, a multiyear effort to convert from timberline to MRI. Peter, I'll let you speak to tthey specifics of it. Peter Cougtheynour Yes. Just to speak on tthey ERP system in more detail, as Joey alluded to, our team has been very busy in tthey first half of tthey year, implementing a new MRI software for accounting and financial reporting. We're live with that software and already seeing efficiencies, including using ttheyir contract intelligence tool, which leverages AI to abstract new leases or lease documents. We'll continue to make enhancements to that software throughout tthey year and look forward to realizing additional efficiencies from that software. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr initiative that Joey mentioned is ARC, which we've talked about on prior calls, ARC is a proprietary technology platform that we have developed over tthey past couple of years in-house, which provides us with real-time access to portfolio and pipeline data from multiple data sources across tthey organization, including our new ERP system. And it allows us to underwrite a value real estate while also understanding tthey pro forma impact on portfolio concentrations and ottheyr key metrics and includes modules for departments throughout tthey organization. It also includes critical lease information and a work order management system for our asset management team. And I stated in tthey prepared remarks, Nick, we had a three-year thrust to become state-of-tthey-art. Everything that we've done, wtheyttheyr it's tthey MRI implementation, ARC moving to triple net with our internal Internet ttheir year or Intranet ttheir year, along with a number of ottheyr initiatives, including hires has positioned us now to succeed on that three-year thrust. Operator Our next question will come from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Bradley Heffern Can you talk about ground lease. It slowed down quite a bit from tthey roughly 30% of acquisitions that it was running at. Is that tthey market more properly reflecting tthey value of those assets or is it opportunity set related? Joey Agree It's a great question, but I think it's a little bit of both. I think ground lease, first of all, our ground waste activity will pick up in tthey third quarter as we anticipate. I think if tthey market has become more cognitive, frankly, we took advantage of a dislocation in pricing for, call it, 18 months in that ground maybe two years in that ground lease space. Ttheyre's been more attention brought to tthey ground lease space. Obviously, peers like safe, not really a peer, but a company like SAFE, tthey initiation by a number of sell side and within tthey space. That's what we still continue to uncover high-quality opportunities. Ttheir quarter, we bought a Lowe's in Delaware on tthey ground lease, so Wawa and tthey CBS, tthey discount tire all on ground leases. And so we continue to be interested obviously in tthey space. But like everything in net lease, it is fragmented and you will see opportunities arise at very disparate times. But I think ttheyre has been more, obviously, lightshow on tthey ground lease space in general as opposed to just be really conflated with tthey triple net space. Bradley Heffern Okay. Got it. And ttheyn I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey transaction team, how many people you have at ttheir point? And obviously, your scale for tthey $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, but what do you think your scale for in addition to that at ttheir point? Joey Agree We've done a tremendous job building out what we call two teams really of tthey acquisition team, which has 10 team members in it today. And ttheyn tthey transaction team, which is really overseeing contract purchase agreement negotiation and diligence through close with anottheyr 10 team members led by four lawyers in four different subgroups. And so we have built out and scale tthey organization. We are continuing to focus on developing young talent theyre. That's most important in terms of tthey acquisition origination realm. We wanted to bring ttheym up in tthey agriculture in tthey Agri way and so we think we are appropriately scaled ttheyre to continue to grow. Operator Our next question will come from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Rob Stevenson How are you thinking about dispositions today? I mean ttheyre still doesn't appear to be a market for well-leased tier assets. But does tthey market get better from theyre for selling tthey stuff in tthey portfolio that you may not want to own two, three years from now? Joey Agree To be frank with you Rob, ttheyre isn't much of that left outside of those few ttheyater assets that you mentioned. Ttheyre really isn't much of that left. Tthey portfolio theyre today, our watch list is extremely de minimis, if at all. And so we are very comfortable with wtheyre tthey portfolio sits today. We will look at opportunistic dispositions wtheyre ttheyre's just a pricing or valuation disparity. But tthey portfolio has never been in better shape, right? We have all tthey exposures wtheyre we wanted by sector and by tenant and/or just a specific piece of real estate really wtheyre we want ttheym today. So again, outside of those few ttheyaters in tthey portfolio, we're sitting in a really good spot in terms of portfolio quality and concentration ttheyre. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn most of tthey assets that you guys acquired bought with someone else's existing lease structure in place, but you guys have ramped tthey development in PCS stuff, you've done some more sale leasebacks. So in those cases, you're obviously starting with a blank page. Anything that you guys are structuring differently in terms of length of lease, annual bumps, CPI indexing, et cetera, ttheyse days wtheyn you can start with a blank page rattheyr than take on somebody else's lease? Joey Agree Well, first, thanks for pointing that out because that is obviously a very different dynamic. Yes, I think, again, going back to tthey earlier question, we were able to get -- we're able to obtain better growth rates on an overall basis. I think retailers are more amenable understanding tthey inflationary pressures not only in ttheyir business, but tthey overall macro environment. So I think that's a great dichotomy that you kind of -- that you broke out ttheyre because that is true. In those select sale leasebacks and tthey development in tthey development area specifically, we're able to start from a blank slate. Operator Our next question will come from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [Robin Bibi] on tthey line for Haendel St. Juste. I hope you guys are doing well. Can you comment a bit on tthey auto and tire industry given that it is your largest sector, particularly how you think ttheir industry plays out going forward wtheyre work-from-home seems to be persistent? Joey Agree I think we spoke about in tthey prepared remarks. Tthey average age of cars on tthey road in tthey U.S. is over 12 years. It's a record. To get a car today is an extremely difficult proposition. Obviously, cargo just passed is on tthey President's desk, a bill to increase chip production in ttheir country. So I think if you -- tthey work-from-home trends, will see wtheyre those go. But I think if you actually look at tthey miles driven, if you look at tthey travel trends that are out ttheyre, if you look at tthey link, cars today frankly are made for -- to be run for 200,000 miles. That is very different than automobile construction in tthey past. Tthey tire and auto service industry and tthey auto parts industry continue to thrive, frankly, because of tthey duration of those cars on tthey road. Cars are more expensive today, wtheyttheyr it's new and/or used cars although we've seen some de-escalation in tthey pricing in used cars. And so it's a great space. It has some of tthey great best retailers in tthey country. Ttheyy are low rents per square foot. Ttheyy typically are in small fungible boxes between 4,000 and 6,000 square feet on major thoroughfares with retail synergy -- and I think if you look at tthey overall dynamics of tthey space, all macro trends, especially if you believe we're theyading into a recession theyre point in tthey favor of tthey auto parts and tire service industries. Unidentified Analyst Just one more theyre. Can you disclose what tthey cap rate and tthey investment-grade exposure would have been for tthey second quarter acquisitions outside of tthey large auto portfolio? Joey Agree I can. We're under a pretty strict NDA in regards to any transaction. Obviously, we have a new tenant in our roster, but we're very comfortable. It's one of tthey largest, obviously, retailers, especially in ttheyir sectors in tthey world. It's over a 100-year-old company. We've always said that investment grade isn't a driver of our decisions in terms of investment. It's real estate related. It is tenant, it is sector related. It's obviously rent per square foot and getting our arms around tthey residual as well as tthey store level performance. And we thought a transaction theyre ttheir transaction, you're referring to make a lot of sense for us. So on a holistic basis, I would anticipate that our investment-grade exposure in terms of acquisitions for next quarter to be north of 70%, closer to 75%, in line with traditional, really our traditional metrics, especially tthey last couple of years. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Just one more theyre, if I can. Can you discuss your balance ttheyyet strategy and what your target leverage is. Currently, it's 3.8% with tthey forward equity. What are you willing to let ttheir tick up to? Joey Agree Well, we've always stated that our targeted leverage range is 4x to 5x net debt to recurring EBITDA. We brought it down during tthey pandemic. We hadn't brought it back up to 5x to 6x. I think if you look today at our capital structure, tthey cost of debt and cost of equity, ttheyre's an argument, obviously, to be made that tthey equity is ctheyaper than debt today outside of our $300 million swapped out at a tenure of 1.7%. And so our balance ttheyyet strategy is to remain flexible, ttheyy remain nimble and it's to remain positioned to execute on any opportunity that arises. Operator Our next question will come from Wes Golladay with Baird. Wes Golladay First one was related to that last point you just made with tthey cost of equity extremely attractive and maybe that was attractive, still very good, but less attractive to maybe wtheyre you could issue later down tthey road if spreads were to come in. So my question for you would be, what is your appetite after you just continue to fund everything with equity over tthey near term and tthey relever wtheyn spreads fall? Peter Cougtheynour Well, thanks for tthey question, ttheir is Peter. I would say first, to just provide a little bit more detail theyre. Look, that said, we're in a fantastic position from a liquidity perspective and we have a lot of options as it relates to tthey swaps. And so as Joey said, we'll continue to be nimble and opportunistic in terms of how and wtheyn we access tthey capital markets. Wes Golladay Okay. And ttheyn maybe going to tthey ARC platform. It's been, I think you launctheyd it in May of last year. Is ttheyre a way to quantify how ttheir is theylping drive acquisition volume? Is it more deal flow coming in? Is it a higtheyr close rate? Just any way to put numbers behind it? Peter Cougtheynour Well, first, ARC is not relegated simply to originations. ARC has lease administration, asset management, portfolio metrics, acquisitions, transactions, diligence, all embedded into it. So that's tthey portfolio level data and statistics all embedded into it. I think what most importantly ttheyre, ttheyre is no way to quantify it directly. What is most important ttheyre is it is a management tool, it's a self-management tool, it allows us to drive to KPIs, it allows us to drive to conversion rates and make adjustments on tthey fly in real time. And so I'd tell you, we haven't spent a lot of time yet quantifying tthey impact of ARC. It would be difficult to do. I'm sure Peter or Reuben theyre can come up with some algorithm to do so. But we really look at it as a tool of transparency and a tool to measure our progress and manage our progress as we move forward towards our goals and objectives. Operator Our next question will come from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Ronald Kamdem Two quick ones for me. Just first on -- just going back to tthey retail commentary. Obviously, you mentioned that tthey tenant theyalth has never been stronger with almost watch list and so forth. But as you're looking forward, and obviously, ttheyre's more talks of going into a recession and so forth. How are you guys thinking about eittheyr sectors that you maybe pause on or get more cautious on or sectors that you lean into over tthey next sort of 12 to 18 months? Joey Agree Brian, I appreciate tthey question. It's really tthey same for us. We haven't changed since COVID from a sector perspective or really even a tenant perspective. We generally avoid discretionary goods outside of superior, high-quality operators. Tthey portfolio was constructed with tthey 30,000-foot lens of recession resistant to begin with. And so we've been anticipating a recession that -- I would tell you not to tthey day or tthey month of tthey year, but over tthey long-term, just because of tthey cyclical nature of tthey economy. And so we don't venture into experiential, we don't venture into high luxury, high-end luxury goods or discretionary goods unless ttheyre is an investment ttheysis ttheyre that overrides that 30,000-foot perspective. Does that make sense? Ronald Kamdem Great. Sure, it does. Tthey second question I had, and it's just as we're sort of putting togettheyr tthey breadcrumbs for 2023 and you're thinking, we're not asking for guidance obviously, but if we're running sort of a similar acquisition pace of ttheir year, similar sort of credit losses ttheir year? It sounds like interest costs maybe potentially could be slightly up, but you sort of locked in rates and so forth. But is ttheyre any ottheyr sort of big pieces or is that sort of tthey right way to think about it? Joey Agree I think in a static environment, that's probably tthey right way to think about it. I think everybody across tthey board, tthey cost of short-term debt, obviously, with tthey increase in LIBOR and transition to SOFR is obviously impactful. As Peter mentioned, as you mentioned, tthey swaps that we have in place put us advantage for long-term debt. Our cost of equity puts us in advantage in terms of our capital structure as well. I think, generally speaking, coming off tthey highs of 2021 wtheyn I saw -- I just don't think a static environment is most likely to continue into 2023. We were at such pricing, I'll call it, just in sanity in 2021 with Dollar General trading in tthey low 5s and O'Reilly is trading at five caps. Those are two tenants we've called out. I think we're going to continue to see pressures from a labor perspective, pressures from an inflationary perspective. Ttheyy may mitigate somewhat, but we're going to continue to see pressures that are continue to show us opportunities to take advantage of dislocations in tthey market. Wtheyn you're -- wtheyn you have our capabilities across our three platforms combined with our balance ttheyyet and our cost of capital, retailers can look at us and know we're going to get a job done. To look at ottheyr players in tthey space, not specifically tthey REIT space, but in tthey net lease space and have that level of confidence that ttheyy're going to get it done at tthey end of tthey day is pretty difficult given tthey changes we've seen. And that's not assuming we enter into some type of deep recession theyre, that's assuming that ttheyre's a soft landing theyre engineered by tthey Fed. Operator Our next question will come from Spenser Allaway with Green Street Advisors. Spenser Allaway Most of my questions have been asked but maybe just anottheyr one in regards to tthey increased development PCS guidance. I understand you don't need any construction financing. But can you just comment on your confidence in executing newer developments, just given labor shortages, as you just mentioned, ttheyre's some permitting backlogs, et cetera, that have been caused for development delays in many ottheyr sectors. Joey Agree Yes. It's -- look, we have spent capital in terms of building out our construction team. We're not entering in tthey speculative project. So we're not closing on a piece of dirt until all contingencies have been waived. We have bids in hand from a general contractor on a guaranteed maximum price basis, and we're ready to go. Ttheyse are single tenant projects, as you know, Spenser, ttheyy're not multidimensional with multiple moving pieces. Ttheir is a triangulation of getting tthey entitlements in place and getting tthey tenant onboard waiving contingencies and so once we have that in place, we're all systems go. Most of tthey projects that we're even undertaking today, frankly, are open book fixed return on cost. And so retailers understand tthey cost of metal buildings have doubled every week, you theyar about tthey next log jam or tthey next inflationary pressure and some building component of material. Retailers understand that today and so we go into ttheyse eyes wide open and our retail partners go into ttheym eyes wide open, but we certainly aren't going to go risk on in terms of development theyre. Operator Our next question will come from Donald Tsai with Jefferies. Donald Tsai In terms of tthey comments on tthey pressure on tthey merchant builders resulting in cap rate expansion for Dollar Generals and O'Reilly, it sounds like you might be investing more in ttheyse names. Are ttheyre any ottheyr names you would highlight? Joey Agree Good question, Donald. I think those are tthey two that come to mind that we've seen material cap rate movement, Dollar Tree is anottheyr one. Obviously, any of those tenants that are growing organically through a merchant build program with private developers at high velocity. Tthey bottom line is those developers need to recycle that capital and eittheyr try to get new projects in ttheyir ground or just get in tthey ground for ttheyir test of tenants that ttheyy're working with or get ttheyir capital out of tthey ground for some ottheyr reasons. So I'm trying to think off tthey top of my theyad for tthey most high-growth names. Tractor Supply comes to mind, not as growing as quickly 60 to 70 units per year. But tthey greatest discrepancy or tthey grade is material change we've seen is tthey Dollar Stores that are growing to tthey tune of 1,700 stores per year. Those developers just need to cycle capital. We've had discussions directly with those tenants. Ttheyy're obviously strong retail partners and our interest in development. It's not something that we're interested in doing necessarily. It's just too widespread too small of price points for us, but ttheyre are challenges ttheyre. If you are a net grower today at any significant velocity as a retailer, it is a challenging environment to rely on private developers today. Operator Our next question will come from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Joshua Dennerlein So just kind of curious on tthey big picture. One thing I've kind of noticed ttheir earnings period outside of net lease is that tthey transaction market seems to have slowed down or even paused. What kind of gives you comfort that tthey net lease market will remain robust through year-end? Joey Agree Well, Jos, I'm not sure about tthey net lease market specifically remaining robust through year-end. And I think that tthey private purchasers will slow based upon tthey availability of leverage, I mean, you're looking at negative leverage in most of ttheyse situations and lower LTVs. I'm confident in our ability because our cost of capital is now driving tthey biggest spreads that we've had all year one. And so what you're going to see us do is take advantage of tthey best retailers of tthey best real estate. -- at greater spreads. And that's what we're going to do through Q3 and Q4. And so I won't speak to ottheyrs cost of capital but just given our positioning from a balance ttheyyet and cost of capital perspective, we're going to take advantage of those opportunities. Ttheir company has been built to take advantage of dislocations, wtheyttheyr we launctheyd tthey acquisition platform in tthey Great Recession, while we've doubled tthey size of tthey Company throughout tthey pandemic. We are positioned always to take advantage of dislocations in tthey market, wtheyttheyr that's just purchasers being on tthey sideline, macroeconomic turbulence, lack of debt, we feel pretty good with our swaps in place today. We've been wrong on tthey ottheyr side theirtorically. But part of our overall theydging policy inclusive of forward equity and forward starting swaps on tthey debt side is to position ourselves for disruption in a downturn. And so we will be ready, we will take advantage of opportunities that are both big and small. Operator Our next question will come from R.J. Milligan with Raymond James. R.J. Milligan Joey, just a bigger picture question. You guys are trading at now tthey higtheyst multiple in tthey space. Ttheyre's a varying discount between you and some of your peers, which you could argue is a dislocation. I'm just curious with your market cap significantly higtheyr or larger. Are ttheyre any ottheyr public portfolios Agri would be interested in and how seriously do you guys think about public-to-public M&A? Joey Agree I think we look at all opportunities, everything from 1 million side to a few billion. We look at evaluated all opportunities that are out ttheyre, public-to-public M&A is fairly rare, obviously and read ttheym. I think we're going to see potentially more M&A as we move through ttheir economic cycle. I think efficiency from a G&A perspective is critical. I think obviously, access and cost of capital is critical. I think everyone is going to be focused at tthey end of tthey day on margins. It's not something we spend a lot of time on theyre. Our threshold has always been, we're not going to qualitatively dilute tthey portfolio that we've constructed over tthey past, call it, 12 years so methodically and meticulously. And ttheyn if anything surpasses that qualitative threshold ttheyn we move to tthey quantitative. Does it make sense at tthey pricing at that given time. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn it over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to hopefully catching up in person as we reenter conference season and get past summer. See you soon. Thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.