Agree Realty Corporation. (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Reuben Treatman - Director of Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants RJ Milligan - Raymond James Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Josh Dennerlein - Bank of America Ki Bin Kim - Truist Nick Joseph - Citi Ravi Vaidya - Mizuho Tayo Okusanya - Credit Suisse Eugene Tsai - Jefferies Wes Golladay - Baird. Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Chris Lucas - CapitalOne Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Note that ttheir event is being recorded. I will like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Reuben Treatman, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Reuben. Reuben Treatman Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under Federal Securities Law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Reuben. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Before running through our standard update. I'd like to take a step back to provide some observations on tthey current state of tthey market, as well as tthey steps we've taken to furttheyr strengttheyn our positioning in a challenging macro environment. Our recent capital markets transactions have bolstered our balance ttheyyet with attractively priced capital. At quarter end, our quarter’s balance ttheyyet stood at approximately 3.1 times pro forma net debt-to-EBITDA providing tremendous flexibility and enabling us to opportunistically execute as buyers and sellers continue to adjust to tthey market. Cap rates are creeping higtheyr most significantly in tthey merchant builder space and provided us opportunity to take advantage of distressed situations. We have seen tthey levered buyer and a number of institutionally capitalized investors exit tthey market altogettheyr, or move significantly up tthey risk curve to drive incremental yield. As tthey bid ask spread continues to narrow and more sellers capitulate, our focus will remain on tthey strongest retailers in tthey country with tthey balance ttheyyets to execute ttheyir omni channel strategy in a challenging retail environment. We will not go up tthey risk curve in terms of tenant credit profile, single purpose assets or private equity sponsored sale leasebacks. Our working assumption is that attractively priced long term debt does not return to tthey market for tthey foreseeable future. Hence, we are focused on unlevered returns on equity. We are very fortunate to have tthey balance ttheyyet and cost of capital to still drive incremental spreads without leverage. Our focus continues to remain on per share AFFO growth while preserving tthey dry powder to execute on distress. I remind all investors that our company has thrived in times of economic uncertainty. We launctheyd our acquisition platform after tthey great financial crisis, and nearly doubled tthey size of our company during COVID. Candidly, I think tthey market has been ready for a reset for a while now, and I'm confident that our team is ready to once again seize on tthey opportunities that will be forthcoming. Moving on to tthey third quarter activities, we selectively invested approximately $372 million in 121 properties across our three external growth platforms. 98 of ttheyse properties originated through our acquisition platform, representing volume of more than $360 million. Tthey properties acquired during tthey quarter at least of 39 tenants, including best-in-class operators, tthey dollar store, auto parts, farm and rural supply, grocery, home improvement, consumer electronics and tthey off price sectors. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and year-to-date record weighted average lease term of 11.1 years, nearly 73% of tthey acquired properties will be used to invest in great operators. Throughout tthey first nine months of tthey year, we've invested a record $1.2 billion 328 retail net lease properties spanning 42 states. Over two thirds of tthey annualized base rent acquired is derived from leading investment grade retailers. Ttheyse metrics demonstrate our continued focus on leveraging all three external growth platforms to execute on opportunities with best-in-class operators. Given tthey increased visibility into our high quality pipeline, we are increasing tthey bottom end of our acquisition guidance to $1.6 billion while maintaining tthey high end of our guidance at $1.7 billion. That said we remain prudent and disciplined in how we deploy capital. Our investment activities were supported by almost $815 million of equity and debt raised during tthey quarter that fortified our balance ttheyyet. At 930, we had over 630 million of forward equity and cash on tthey balance ttheyyet with no outstanding balance on a revolving credit facility. Moving on to our development and partner capital solution and platforms, our team continues to uncover compelling opportunities, theylping to build tthey company's largest ever development pipeline. Our platform is uniquely situated to provide struggling merchant developers with tthey ability to walk in funding, while providing us with additional opportunities to drive superior risk adjusted returns. We continue to have dialogue with many of our retail partners to find solutions that fit ttheyir store growth strategies. During tthey quarter we commenced two new developments in PCS projects including one Gerber Collision located in Murrieta, California as well as a Sunbelt Rentals in Wentzville, Missouri. We also completed tthey development of two Gerber Collisions locations as well as tthey Burlington. Construction continued on 18 additional projects. In total, we had a record 25 projects have been completed or under construction during tthey first nine months of tthey year, representing approximately $82 million of committed capital. Moving on to dispositions, we sold our Gardner-White Furniture store in Canton, Michigan for approximately $20 million during tthey quarter. As noted on previous calls, ttheir was tthey Art Van flagship we developed prior to tthey company's acquisition by TH Li, which was subsequently released to Love's Furniture and ttheyn most recently to Gardner White. During tthey time we own tthey asset, we were able to release ttheir property twice, recapturing effectively 100% of rent without tenant improvement dollars. So now three tenants in a pandemic later, we are ultimately selling tthey asset and an IRR of approximately 10%, which demonstrates our bottoms up approach to real estate underwriting. Through September 30, we sold six properties for gross proceeds of nearly $45 million, with a weighted average cap rate of 6.5%. Given our year-to-date activity, we're increasing tthey lower end of our disposition guidance range to $45 million while maintaining tthey upper end of our range of $75 million. On tthey leasing front, we executed new leases, leases extensions are options and approximately 192,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Notably new leases, extensions or options included in Dick's Sporting Goods and St. Joseph, Missouri and a big lots in Cedar Park, Texas. At quarter end, our 2022 lease maturities stood at just 0.2% of annualized base rents. We're also in terrific position for tthey upcoming year, with only 1.5% of our portfolio wide leases maturing. At quarter end, our portfolio encompassed over 1700 retail properties across all 48 continental United States, including 201 ground leases, representing 12.7% of total annualized base rents. Occupancy ticked up during tthey quarter to 99.7% while investment grade exposure stood at nearly 68%, representing a two year stacked increase of 530 basis points. Our portfolio is tthey best in tthey country and undoubtedly positioned to withstand any economic theyadwinds. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter and ttheyn we can open it up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with tthey balance ttheyyet, as Joey mentioned, we had anottheyr very active quarter in tthey capital markets, raising or settling almost $1.3 billion of capital. At quarter end, we had no floating rate exposure and approximately $252 million of cash on hand. In conjunction with no material debt maturities until 2028, we are well positioned to withstand interest rate theyadwinds and volatility in tthey capital markets. In August, we completed a $300 million public bond offering comprised of 4.8% Senior unsecured notes due in 2032. In connection with tthey offering, with terminated related swap agreements of $300 million, receiving approximately $28 million upon termination, considering tthey effect of tthey terminated swap agreements, tthey effective all in rate for tthey 2032 notes is 3.76%. Tthey offering furttheyr staggered our maturities and extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately eight years. During tthey quarter, we raised more than half a billion dollars of additional forward equity. We sold nearly 1.7 million shares during tthey quarter via our ATM program, raising net proceeds of approximately $127 million. And in September, we completed a 5.8 million share forward offering for anticipated net proceeds of approximately $382 million upon settlement. In conjunction with tthey September forward equity offering, we settled all 8.7 million shares of outstanding forward equity, realizing net proceeds of approximately $601 million. At quarter end, we still had 5.8 million shares anticipated to be settled from tthey September forward offering, representing anticipated net proceeds of approximately $382 million. Our capital markets transactions provided us with more than $1.6 billion of liquidity at quarter end including cash on hand, full availability on our $1 billion revolving credit facility, at our aforementioned outstanding forward equity. As of September 30, pro Forma for tthey settlement of tthey 382 million of outstanding forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.1 times. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately four times. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end stood at 24%, while our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principle amortization, and tthey preferred dividend remained at a very theyalthy level of five times. Moving to earnings, Core FFO and AFFO for tthey quarter were $0.97 and $0.96 per share, representing 5.6% and 7.8% year-over-year increases, respectively. As mentioned on prior calls, we continue to anticipate high single digit AFFO per share growth in 2022, implying two years stack growth in tthey high teens. As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior to settlement, if and wtheyn ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was a penny in tthey third quarter. During tthey third quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.234 per share per common share for July, August and September. On an annualized basis, tthey monthly dividends represent a 7.8% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey third quarter of last year. While meaningfully increasing tthey common dividend over tthey past year, we maintain conservative pay-out ratios through tthey third quarter of 73% of core FFO per share and AFFO per share respectively. Subsequent to quarter end, we again increased our monthly cash dividend by 2.6% to $0.24 per share for October. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.88 per share, or a 5.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.72 per share from tthey fourth quarter of 2021. General and Administrative expenses totaled $7 million in tthey third quarter. G&A expense was 6.4% of total revenue, or 5.9% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We now anticipate that G&A expense will decline between 40 to 50 basis points as a percentage of total adjusted revenue compared to last year, from a prior anticipated range of 20 to 50 basis points. Total income tax expense for tthey third quarter was approximately $720,000. Our expectation for total income tax expense ttheir year remains between $2.5 million and $3.5 million. In summary, our well positioned balance ttheyyet affords us tremendous flexibility with pro forma net debt to recurring EBITDA of 3.1 times and roughly 1.6 billion of liquidity to fund our robust investment pipeline. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First question will be from RJ Milligan of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. RJ Milligan Hey, good morning, guys. Joey Agree Morning, RJ. RJ Milligan So was going to start with my boilerplate question of ttheir earning season. What's your current weighted average cost of capital and how do you calculate it? Peter Cougtheynour Thanks, RJ. Ttheir is Peter. I'd say first, we're always looking at to get atheyad of our capital needs so that we can retain flexibility in terms of how and wtheyn we access tthey markets. And to that end, we raised ttheyir settled $900 million of capital during tthey third quarter that was used to fund our acquisitions during tthey quarter, but also provide a significant runway moving forward. Tthey breakdown in terms of tthey capital raised during tthey quarter includes $300 million of long term debt issued at an all-in rate below 4%. And we also settled $600 million of forward equity with a cost in tthey mid-to-high five. So blending that all togettheyr, we raised $900 million during tthey quarter at a weighted average cost of around 5% weighted two thirds equity and one third debt. As Joey mentioned in their prepared remarks with tthey debt markets effectively frozen today, our long-term cost to borrow is in tthey sixes assuming a new 10-year public issuance. And so absent any changes in tthey debt, capital markets will likely look to fund tthey business using equity only going forward while continuing to utilize tthey revolver for shorter-term borrowings. Today, we have more than $380 million of outstanding forward equity available to us that was raised at a cost in tthey mid-to-high fives and any incremental equity issue would be at a similar cost based on our current share price. I think most importantly, we're going to continue to be disciplined and prudent in terms of investing incremental capital, we're not going to deploy capital if it's only marginally accretive. And at tthey same time, we're not going to go up tthey risk curve just to achieve better spreads. RJ Milligan Got it. So I think it's fair to acknowledge, obviously, tthey pre funding that you guys have executed on over tthey past few months, ttheyre is a pretty long equity runway relative to some of your peers. And you've got a cost of equity capital that still allows for accretive growth. But if cap rates are moving higtheyr, tthey expectation is that ttheyy are going to move higtheyr, why accelerate growth into 4Q versus waiting for tthey market to move? Joey Agree Well, I think RJ that's opportunistic for us. So I anticipate cap rates in Q4 to tick up for us with a similar credit profile to tthey third quarter, and a similar term profile to ttheir quarter as well. So I would anticipate taking advantage of tthey merchant builder market wtheyre ttheyre's an immediate need to recycle capital. And I think we'll see that in Q4, given tthey increase in tthey bottom end of our guidance. Going forward we’ll take qualitative and quantitative aspects, obviously, both into consideration as we deploy capital. I think, I think tthey bottom line is ttheir we've taken flack theirtorically not, not from you. But we've taken flack theirtorically for running a very low levered balance ttheyyet introducing forward equity into tthey net lease space, which wasn't really overly welcomed tthey first time it was introduced to maintaining a conservative approach. So ttheyre, ttheyse are tthey times frankly, wtheyn, wtheyn that pays off, and at tthey same time, we're going to continue to run a low levered balance ttheyyet, stay within our theirtorical sandbox of investing in tthey best retailers in tthey world, because at some point debt will come back into tthey market. And I believe it's going to be anywtheyre near tthey race that we've seen given tthey supercycle. But we'll be in a position to add incremental leverage at that time. RJ Milligan Thanks for that. Joey, you've been pretty vocal over tthey past couple quarters that you expect M&A and in tthey broader reach space and maybe a net lease and we just see one of your peers taking private recently. Do you think ttheyre's more M&A to come? Joey Agree First off, congratulations to Steven and theyr team. I mean, obviously that was a terrific outcome for ttheym. But I think we are not only in tthey net lease space. I think ttheyre are a number of companies situated given ttheyir cost of capital potentially ttheyir balance ttheyyets and/or ttheyir investment strategies which aren't able to drive those spreads. And as you know, it's very difficult to come back in tthey REIT space once you have an impaired cost of equity especially. And so, our approach, our bent has always been conservative in preparation for what's next. We'll continue to follow, obviously, that theirtorical approach theyre that predates my time in terms of balance ttheyyet management. And we'll see what happens in 2023. We don't have a crystal ball theyre, but I wouldn't be surprised to see more M&A activity across tthey across tthey REIT space. RJ Milligan Thank you guys. Joey Agree Thanks, RJ. Operator Thank you. Our next question B for Brad Heffern, RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Heffern Hey, good morning, everyone. Joe, in your prepared comments that you mentioned distressed opportunities, sort of in passing, I guess, how frequent are those? And what do ttheyy look like? Joey Agree Well, I think tthey most tthey most distressed quote unquote “distress” we're seeing right now is those that are in tthey need to sell tthey need to recycle capital. And so what you'll see again, for us in Q4 is opportunistically working with those developers that have pipelines that are delivered that need to recycle capital, that are theirtoric merchant builders across tthey space, and have recognized that tthey 1031 buyer or tthey 2021, pricing, ttheyre isn't a feasible option for ttheym to recycle capital into new projects, or into ottheyr ventures. And so that is, I will tell you tthey truth distress that we're seeing today. Those are tthey first to recognize tthey immediate expansion in cap rates. Tthey second level is those with debt maturing, or having a defined use for ottheyr proceeds for those proceeds. And we're seeing that as well. Tthey remainder of tthey market continues to lag with wishful thinking for that miraculous 1031 buyer, or frankly, tthey person, tthey buyer, tthey things we're still in 2021, or an all cash buyer. That's wtheyre we really see tthey bid ask spread remaining. We anticipate that hopefully, to see more capitulation for that narrow as well. Brad Heffern Okay. And ttheyn you said you won't invest if it's only marginally accretive. I know, theirtorically, you've solved for a spread of 150 basis points plus or minus. So if you're saying cost of equity is in tthey high fives, do you anticipate cap rates going above 7% for your sandbox eventually? Joey Agree Well, I would tell you what I anticipate cap rates going. I mean, I'm looking into my crystal ball. I think theirtory theyre is a useful guide between 2014 and 2018, ttheyre was approximately $55 billion of single tenant net lease, retail traded, tthey tenure averaged about 2.5% at those times. And tthey average cap rate was 6.5%. So I'm not going to sit theyre today and say, I believe cap rates are going to go north of seven that said, I have no idea what type of economic conditions we're going to be in 2023. I think if we're investing capital, and let's call it around 75 basis points unlevered on an accretive basis, and high quality assets, with a later infusion of debt, again, not with tthey tenure at 2%, and spreads back to 100 with an all-in cost of 3% I think we can get ttheyre. That said, if we're unable to invest capital accretively, we're going to maintain our discipline. And so we're not going to take ttheir balance ttheyyet to a leverage position we're not going to get on a hamster wtheyel. Halloween is over. So we're going to find tthey best opportunities. What I can tell you ttheir, I can guarantee you that ttheir team, and ttheir company will lead tthey cap rate expansion in our given space. And that's without going up tthey risk curve. That's without moving into private equity sponsored companies out of sale leaseback basis, that's without looking at short duration risk on assets, is going to stay within our confines of what we're best at. Brad Heffern Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Brad. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Josh Dennerlein of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Josh Dennerlein Yes. Hey, guys. Joey, I want to explore your comment on tthey competitive debt, not returning tthey market anytime soon. I guess what are you looking for? Wtheyn it comes to kind of recapping tthey debt markets? Or what or how you've really described or describe, like competitive debt? Like what does that mean to you guys? Joey Agree Well, I think look, first of all, first off, I mean, debt today is outside our cost of equity. I mean, that's first off. So I mean, ttheyre really is no true debt market today, especially in tthey 10-year unsecured space. You mean obviously anyone can look at wtheyre or investment grade papers trading today. We've never theirtorically been a short term borrower, we're not going to run a significant balance on tthey facility and on a variable basis. So debt obviously has to be accretive relative to our cost of equity. I think that that's tthey threshold. From ttheyre, we'll see. Now look, I already said I think tthey supercycle of longer lower for longer is over. That's my best guess. But at tthey same time, maybe it's wishful thinking I would hope in tthey back half of next year that we'll see a debt market that materializes and truly becomes a market again, that is rent capture that companies are able to obviously raise that capital. Josh Dennerlein Alright. And how are like sellers, like -- do ttheyy understand tthey change in tthey cost of capital that buyers have today, like what are tthey conversations like? Joey Agree Josh ttheyy are wide ranging. I will tell you ttheyre are sellers that still believe that wishful thinking maybe that will end with tthey Fed today, we'll see. But we are seeing more and more sellers recognize that we're in a very distant position from 2021 or even earlier ttheir year. I think tthey most important thing, ttheyre isn't really sellers recognition of tthey macroeconomic conditions and/or uncertainty, it is tthey last hope of tthey loan 1031 or all cash buyer throwing in a bid for an asset. So in conversations with brokers, and ttheyre's been notes to a similar degree, tthey assets that are out ttheyre out ttheyre widely marketed, asking low cap rates sub five or five caps for high quality, that ttheyse assets are getting two bids today, maybe not 10. Activity is down to 20% of theirtorical activity, recent theirtorical activity. So I think tthey biggest challenge ttheyre, again, is not pouring cold water. I think it's tthey wishful thinking in tthey hope for that for that 1031 buyer or all cash buyer to return or throw in a bid. I think as we move forward in ttheir economy as ttheyre's less to 10 $31 [Ph] theyre deployed, we're going to see some changes, hopefully in terms of sellers expectations. Josh Dennerlein Right, thank you. Joey Agree Hopeful expectations I should say. Thanks, Josh. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Thanks. Good morning. Joey. Sorry if I missed ttheir, but what kind of capital should we expect over tthey next couple of quarters? Joey Agree Good morning, Ki Bin. I -- next quarter is all we have visibility into. We just began sourcing for Q1. And I would expect cap rates to pick up moderately ttheyre again, with similar profiles to tthey third quarter Q2 was an aberration because of tthey large sale leaseback that we executed out in terms of investment grade profile. But I would expect over 70% investment grade similar to ttheir quarter at or near 11% or 11 years weighted average lease term. And I would also anticipate ground lease activity kicking up ttheyre as well. Ki Bin Kim Okay, and I know I was going to ask ttheir previously, but we tried anottheyr stab at it. How do you balance looking at? You mentioned your whack? Obviously it was more favorable, looking backwards and going forward for everybody. But how do you balance buying ttheir type of volume? I know you can with a great balance ttheyyet. But how do you balance buying it versus with your view that cap rates need to be higtheyr, and maybe taking a little bit of a pullback. Joey Agree So I think it's a great question. I think ttheir is an art and not a science. Nobody has a crystal ball into 2023. We'll get hopefully a little bit more clarity from Mr. Powell shortly theyre, but nobody has clarity into 2023 yet. That's why I would refer back to Peter’s comments. We will be disciplined. We are going to make sure that transactions are a accretive both mattheymatically accretive but also qualitatively accretive. We are by no means is going to put tthey pedal to tthey metal theyre and lever up a balance ttheyyet with spreads that don't make sense. And we're going to be disciplined and thoughtful like we've always been. But we are in very uncertain times. Ttheyre are many risks on tthey horizon, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're domestic or macro international risks. We're cognizant of those risks. Again, ttheir balance ttheyyet, ttheir company was built for those risks. And so every dollar we deploy has to be thoughtful, and has to do with purpose. Ki Bin Kim Okay, and a more a bigger picture question. I'm a little surprised that more triple net REITs have an issue convertible debt. I mean, you guys report on a AFFO basis anyway, wtheyre tthey GAAP interest expense non benefit doesn't really matter. Just any broader thoughts on convertible debt. And if that's a tool that makes sense for you guys, at some point? Joey Agree It doesn't make any sense for us again. We're trading today on an implied or AFFO basis, and in tthey mid five range convertible doesn't make any sense for us today in terms of an option of capital source for ottheyr companies. I really haven't spent any time on it. Ki Bin Kim Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks, Ki Bin. Operator Thank you. Next question will come from Nick Joseph of Citi. Please go atheyad. Nick Joseph Thanks, Joe. Do you have any sense of how much 1031 Money is still out ttheyre looking to be deployed? Joey Agree I wish I did. It's amazing that tthey even though I'll tell you ttheyre's a lot of talk of it still. I think tthey feedback that we've gotten that I've gotten from my team, especially from recent conferences, and road shows and meetings, is that ttheyre's a recognition that that money is waning. So ttheyre's a lot of talk about ttheir. I'll tell you that tthey sentiment and tthey hope has gone from in tthey broader community has gone to wishful thinking more from hopeful that ttheyre's 1031. And so that has been recognized. I haven't seen anybody try to quantify those dollars. But undoubtedly those dollars are beginning to wane is tthey ttheyyer number of real estate transactions in tthey commercial space, as tthey velocity of [Indiscernible] decreased significantly. Nick Joseph Yes, exactly. And ttheyn, what are you seeing in terms of tthey difference in stickiness for cap rates on ground leases versus traditional net lease? Joey Agree Really tthey same. I think ground leases have gotten as I mentioned, probably on tthey last couple of calls, ground leases have gotten a lot of attention due to us to safe hold to tthey sell side covering ttheym. I tell you that it's that market is very similar relative to tthey broader net lease market, that ttheyre's still a bid ask spread. We're still looking for sellers to capitulate. That said, I do anticipate our ground lease pipeline in Q4 will be fairly sizable. Nick Joseph Thank you very much. Joey Agree Thanks Nick. Operator Thank you. Next question will come from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Ravi Vaidya Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Ravi Vaidya in tthey line for Haendel. Hope you guys are doing well. Can you comment on tthey acquisition? Can you just comment in tthey acquisition pipeline? Are you targeting any new tenants or categories? Are you seeing any pricing differentials that you're seeing on a category basis? Joey Agree So no new tenants or categories, I will tell you selectively we'll we will insert tenants into that sandbox or we will remove ttheym into that sandbox, but I don't think it's appropriate. Any new tenants or categories on a holistic basis. In terms of cap rates, by sector we're seeing velocity in those sectors in terms of cap rate dispersion. We're seeing tthey last few in tthey sectors that are driven by merchant builders that's generally retailers that are growing at a fast clip wtheyn have leveraged tthey merchant build community and tthey builder community excuse me to drive new store growth from. Ravi Vaidya Got it. Got it. Just one more theyre. I know you're shopping in tthey higtheyr quality end of tthey spectrum, tthey cap rates tend to be stickier ttheyre, but can you comment how cap rates have shifted for investment grade tenants versus non-investment grade tenants? Joey Agree I would tell you we don't spend much time. Look, investment grade we've always said is an output of our strategy. Ttheyre are significant tenants in our portfolio that don't have ratings that are fantastic balance ttheyyets. Many of ttheym are transparent for tthey public to see wtheyttheyr that's Publix Hobby Lobby, Chick-fil-a, all tthey so top tier retailers in ttheir country. Tthey bottom line is tenants in tthey non-investment grade are unrated that aren't. I would tell you probably BB or better, especially tthey smaller operators and even more acutely tthey private equity sponsored retailers. Tthey cap rates are and those assets are blowing up and ttheyy should. I mean those assets today those sponsored tenants have balance ttheyyets that have variable rate debt have near term maturities, ttheyy're generally single purpose boxes in nature, it's nearly impossible to put a residual or terminal value on tthey underlying real estate. Ttheyy have limited access to capital, and ttheyir funding source is predominantly net lease REIT on a sale leaseback basis who tend to be ttheyir largest unsecured creditors or amongst ttheyir largest unsecured creditors. We have no interest in playing in that space. I think it's I think it's imprudent given tthey macroeconomic outlook that we see today, over tthey potential ranges of outcome. But we've never played in that space. And so I can't give you specific instances of tthey cap rates because frankly, we don't spend time ttheyre. Ravi Vaidya Got it. Appreciate tthey color guys. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Tayo Okusanya of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Tayo Okusanya Yes, good morning, everyone. Congrats on a solid quarter. Joey, could you I mean, your earlier comment just about, again, rising cost of debt, bad balance ttheyyets, creating opportunities for you. Could you talk on tthey flip side with your retailers who are also going through that rising cost of capital and kind of, bad balance ttheyyets, if any, and just talk a little bit about tthey watch list wtheyre you see going in any particular categories, you become a little bit more concerned about with just what's going on with tthey overall macroeconomic backdrop in tthey U.S? Joey Agree Yes, good morning Tayo. I think in terms of categories, we don't have exposure to categories wtheyre we have concerned again. We just don't have tthey discretionary component, tthey recreational component, tthey luxury component in ttheir portfolio. We’re focused, we are focused specifically on those core durable, generally recession resistant tenants and tthey leading operators in ttheyir respective sectors. So that's really not -- we're now every property in our portfolio is on our website. If you want transparency, go to our website, all 1706 properties as of 930, are on our website. We have three Bed Bath and Beyond in tthey portfolio, we bought ttheym all for tthey real estate. Ttheyy are all tremendous pieces of real estate, feel free to Google Earth. And we have one at home in our portfolio in Provo, Utah. It is a critical piece of real estate on tthey main thoroughfare in Provo. We'd love to get it back one day, and have had multiple offers on it. So at tthey end of tthey day, we will get every asset and on a single case by case basis. And we just really outside of a couple of few movie ttheyaters that we have in tthey portfolio, we just don't have those challenges. Tayo Okusanya Great, that's theylpful. And ttheyn in tthey transactions markets, are you seem to be look a little bit different for ground lease type transactions versus kind of standard fee simple buildings out ttheyre. Joey Agree No, as I mentioned before, generally tthey same, its transaction specific. Now tthey ground lease market is nowtheyre near as deep or as large as tthey standard debt lease market. So ttheyre are of course, aberrations. But, but generally tthey same, nothing overly. Both markets today are in a stare down for tthey general, tthey general stare down I'll say in terms of buyers and sellers and gaps ttheyre. Tayo Okusanya Great, thank you. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question will be come from Eugene Tsai of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Eugene Tsai Hi, good morning. Tthey high single digit earnings growth in 2022 and high teens on a two year stack, as you look at your pipeline, and given tthey view that cap rates move higtheyr, what type of earnings growth might be achievable next year? Joey Agree Good morning Eugene, it’s a great question. A lot of it is going to depend obviously on tthey sources and uses if and wtheyn tthey debt markets come back, wtheyre cap rates move to. I think tthey thought of net lease REITs growing in tthey upper single digits in terms of AFFO growth or double digits probably isn't overly prudent if ttheyre's any thought of that next year. And so we're going to see if tthey macroeconomic circumstances are really going to drive obviously, tthey sources of capital in terms of tthey cost ttheyre. And ttheyn what happens in tthey overall cap rate environment and pricing environment is going to be tthey second piece ttheyre. And I wish, I had tthey crystal ball to be able to tell you that today. But we unfortunately don't have it. Eugene Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn has tthey tone or tenor change from retailers as it relates to ttheyir store growth outlooks? Joey Agree No, I will tell you that tthey conversations we have with retailers again, we're not in tthey wealthier discretionary space. So I can't speak to those retailers. Tthey conversations that we're having with retailers today revolve around tthey inability of developers to perform on ttheyir new store strategies. Ttheyir story strategies for 2023 are generally already built out with those with pipelines. Now it comes down to execution. And so I'll give you an example. We talked to a large farm and rural supply retailer recently with a developer who had 50 stores in tthey pipeline, ttheyn down to 30 stores, three ended up hurtling. So generally speaking, tthey retailers in our portfolio have promised new store openings to tthey street. Ttheyy are in growth mode. And now ttheyy have challenges getting constituents and stakeholders to actually execute on that new store growth due to rising costs both labor obviously, and materials, rising interest rates, tthey lack of availability of construction loans. And ttheyn most importantly, now for a merchant builder, I tell you tthey lack of clarity on what ttheyir exit cap rate will be. And so we're working with those partners to see if ttheyre's a solution that makes sense for both of us in terms of deploying all three of our platforms. Eugene Tsai Thanks, that's really theylpful. Just one last one, what's driving G&A lower? Peter Cougtheynour Eugene, ttheir is Peter. In terms of decrease in G&A during tthey quarter, it was spread across several different areas, including accounting and tax, IT and stock-based compensation expense wtheyre ttheyre was a onetime decline due to some employee forfeitures. I would note that our guidance for 2022 implies a 40 to 50 basis point deceleration in G&A to approximately 6.5% of total adjusted revenue. And that guidance assumes that G&A in tthey fourth quarter returns to a level more similar to tthey expense that we saw during tthey first and second quarters of ttheir year. Eugene Tsai Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Wes Golladay, Baird. Please go atheyad. Wes Golladay Hey, good morning, everyone. Has ttheyre ever been a time wtheyre your cost of equity has been less than your cost of debt for a prolonged period like we're seeing now. And ttheyn you did make tthey comment about no short-term debt, is up to read no term loans always going to target tenure debt, a little bit more clarification on that. Joey Agree Yes, that’s not my tenure Wes. I mean, our cost of capital is effectively inverted today. And we anticipate to remain inverted for a while theyre as tthey tenure remains elevated and spreads remain extremely elevated. Wtheyn we talk about short term debt, we're talking about carrying extended balances on tthey credit facility eittheyr on a variable basis or on a swap basis. We have looked at tthey term loan market and executed specifically in tthey seven year term loan market. Historically, most recently, we've been obviously an unsecured issuer in tthey public bonds base at tthey 10 and 12 year levels theyre. But we'll look at all available options theyre, which makes sense in terms of our capital stack debt maturities, but we're not going to take any variable rate risk, or any tenure risk. Wes Golladay Okay, got it. And ttheyn we look at tthey merchant builders situation, do you get tthey sense ttheyre are retailers who are willing to pay higtheyr rent to theylp tthey merchant builders absorb a little bit higtheyr cap rate on ttheyir exit. And wtheyn you look at your pipeline, ttheir year was really a lot of Gerber Collisions, you made a good theyadway ttheyre in tthey background, you have a bunch of retailers or handset retailers that you're potentially going to have dropped next year wtheyre we see, maybe ttheir pipeline just swell. Joey Agree So retailers are looking for all different types of solutions today. Tthey team has been to a number of retailers theyadquarters meeting with ttheyir theyads of real estate in ttheyir respective departments. Ttheyy're looking at increasing rent, ttheyy're looking at internalizing development. Ttheyy're looking at fee based programs to keep it on balance ttheyyet. Ttheyy're looking at more term, larger increases. I think all different types of solutions are being looked at so ttheyy can get new stores opening in tthey ground. To your second question, we're always talking to retailers and we're always looking for opportunities to grow commensurate with ttheyir pipelines. Again, it just really has to hurdle for us across all three platforms from an economic basis. Wes Golladay Yes, and just a follow up on that. I mean was ttheyre something specific about corporate wtheyre you just going to probably maybe provide ttheym a little bit more I guess platform value wtheyre ttheyy said, theyy we want to just grow with you quite a bit. And it’s just tthey one that we want to work with wtheyre maybe ottheyrs are just doing one-offs. I just wonder if ttheyre's any, anything special about that one because it really was a lot of Gerber's ttheir year. Joey Agree Yes. We've been talking to Gerber, I would say for upwards of six years. And we had identified Gerber specifically because ttheyy're tthey only public company traded on tthey Toronto Stock Exchange owned by Boyd Group. Ttheyy're tthey only public company in tthey Collision space. And so as we saw, Caliber and Service King both private equity sponsored continue to gobble up independent operators as well as open net new stores, we were very attracted tthey collision space because of tthey cost of repairs, tthey third party payment cost of repairs because of tthey cameras and tthey sensors. As I mentioned before, we can't just go to your traditional -- we need a technician at a computer wizard to fix everything on your car today. So we were very attracted to tthey space. We identify Gerber again, because of ttheyir well levered balance ttheyyet which everybody can see on tthey line. Those conversations culminated with Gerber entering into a significant growth phase obviously from organic perspective rattheyr than M&A perspective. And so tthey collision space was dominated by M&A, by tthey big three operators. As I mentioned, Gerber being tthey only public one acquiring one-off and small collision repair chains, it ttheyn became pro cost prohibitive, or, frankly, lack of opportunities out ttheyre. So ttheyy flipped to Greenfield and brownfield development. And that's wtheyre we finally hit a chord and found a partnership ttheyre that worked for both of us. And so we're very active, obviously, with Gerber, ttheyy have over 725 locations across tthey country. And we love tthey business, tthey direction of tthey business, and frankly ttheyir relationships with auto insurers who direct clients took over. Wes Golladay Got it. Thanks, everyone. Operator Thank you. Next question will be from Ronald Kamdem, Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Ronald Kamdem Hey, two quick ones, just coming back to sort of tthey acquisition pipeline. Ttheyre's sort of two factors, right. Ttheyre's volumes, and ttheyn ttheyre's pricing. And ttheyn you sort of talked about that, cap rates six, two in tthey quarter that should be going up? As we're sort of thinking about next year, should we expect sort of tthey same amount of volume that those high cap rate levels? Right, because I think what your messaging is that cap rates are rising, but ttheyy're, ttheyy're probably rising a little bit slower than cost of capital. So is ttheir a scenario wtheyre we should be expecting higtheyr cap rates coming through? But are tthey volumes, is ttheyre a give or take ttheyre? Or is ttheyre just enough sort of go around? Does that make sense? Joey Agree No, I think you hit it dead out. And if we don't see cap rates rise, wtheyre ttheyy hurdle for us quantitatively, ttheyn you will see volume slowdown. I mean, ttheyre's obviously no doubt about it. And so as cap rates move, we will be careful with or don't move, frankly, we'll be careful with how we put our pedal to tthey metal, or frankly, we lay off. And so again, we have to be take every transaction on a discrete basis, look at tthey qualitative and quantitative aspects of both of ttheym, and ttheyn decide wtheyttheyr it makes sense relative in tthey broader market for us. And so we are going -- we are in a read and react mode. I think it's fair to say everybody is in a read and react mode. And we will not get atheyad of our skis, that's for sure. Ronald Kamdem Right. And ttheyn just moving on to tenant theyalth, tenant risk. Maybe can you just remind us just what bad that has been ttheir year? Obviously, you guys have a super clean portfolio. So it's, it's pretty small. But tthey real question is, obviously, as we're thinking about tthey next year, tthey next two or three years, are you seeing anything that suggests that ttheyre's going to be more pain coming down tthey retail pipeline, like what are you theyaring on that front? Thanks. Joey Agree I'll take it from a high level. Yes, I anticipate pain that's specific to ttheir company, because tthey portfolio is so strong. But I think a lot of balance ttheyyets were repair retail or balance ttheyyets will repair during COVID. Ttheyy eittheyr tthey out of tthey absurd sales, or frankly, tthey ability to access low cost capital. And so a lot of balance ttheyyets, ironically, were repaired during COVID. I think we're seeing tthey deterioration of those balance ttheyyets today, back to a more normalized pattern based upon ttheyir overall businesses. And so over tthey next two or three years, I think we're going to see and I think maybe even a shorter period of time we're going to see more and more distress in tthey broader retail environment. Again, a lot of ttheir is dependent upon tthey consumer and macroeconomic conditions. But COVID was an outlier COVID. And I told people consistently COVID was not a proxy for recession. COVID was not a proxy for retailer distress, it was a timeout. And during a timeout, a lot of people and a lot of a lot of retailers got to eat, and get frankly, got some free things, or very ctheyap things. And so now we're seeing a normalization of sales levels across most retail sectors today. And tthey normalized sales patterns of a lot of ttheyse retailers, pre-COVID didn't make much sense to be sustainable in terms of an on-going retail operations. And so I think we're going to see that normalization. And we're actually we're seeing it today. We're seeing tthey tip of tthey iceberg today. Peter, if you can talk specifically about tthey bad debt. Peter Cougtheynour Yes, in terms of bad debt. Year-to-date, we've only recorded approximately $300,000 of bad debt expense, which is roughly 10% or sorry 10 basis points of revenue on a year-to-date basis. So very minimal bad debt expense recorded year-to-date. Looking forward, we specifically identify tenants or instances of bad debt. So it's difficult to predict exactly what level of bad debt we will have moving forward. But again, as Joey referenced, we think our portfolio is in great shape today. Ronald Kamdem Thanks so much. Joey Agree Thanks, Ron. Operator Thank you. Next question will come from Chris Lucas, CapitalOne. Please go atheyad. Chris Lucas Hey, good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick questions. Joey, if we take a step back and think about tthey buckets of transaction opportunities that you guys look at. So you've got direct tenant deals, and ttheyn you've got sort of existing lease deals that are out ttheyre that you might acquire. Are you seeing any differential in terms of tthey sellers in ttheyse cases, eittheyr one side or tthey ottheyr, adjusting to tthey capital market pricing today faster than tthey ottheyr at all? Joey Agree It's a great question. I think tthey direct to sellers. Those conversations generally, and those thoughts are moving a little bit quicker, inclusive of direct retailers than that neittheyr marketed opportunities and/or off market opportunities that are out ttheyre shopping. So I think those direct conversations are cutting through to today's reality a little bit quicker, generally speaking than some of tthey circuitous kind of hopeful conversations that are out ttheyre. Chris Lucas Okay, thank you for that. And ttheyn Peter, I guess, maybe just taking tthey prior question one step furttheyr. Any sense as to what year fully swapped seven year or five year term loan all in costs would look like today? Peter Cougtheynour Yes, Chris, I guess to answer that, I would say as ttheir year has progressed obviously ttheyre's been a lot of volatility in tthey debt capital markets, specifically tthey public bond markets. And as a result, I think more issuers have looked to tthey term loan market rattheyr than tthey public bond market. We had tthey swaps in place earlier ttheir year, wtheyre it made sense for us to access tthey public bond markets at an all-in right below 4%. In terms of accessing tthey term loan markets today, I think as banks have issued more term loans ttheir year to issuers. You've seen balance ttheyyet bank balance ttheyyets grow and less of an appetite to issue term loans, particularly five and seven year term loans. And so, it's difficult to say exactly wtheyre we can price a five or seven year term loan today. I think we're seeing banks push companies towards tthey shorter-term term loans one or two years with options to extend it. Chris Lucas And that's theylpful. And last question for me, Joey. Just curious as to your thoughts about how you feel about Kroger as a credit given tthey Kroger and Albertsons merger announcement and how you're thinking about your portfolio ttheyre, any risk to regulatory sales or anything like that, that you you're, you're worried about? Joey Agree No, nothing ttheyre concerns me in terms of credit. Ttheyre's no release provisions in any of our CRO [ph] release. I think tthey more interesting fact. Or I think tthey more interesting thing frankly is Kroger's desire to actually acquire Albertsons. We've been talking for a long time about how we only will invest in tthey top tier grocers in tthey country. And that grocery has been thought of as a safe haven generally. Both in tthey net lease space as well as tthey shopping center space in tthey broader retail environment and we continue to remind people that grocery has been a 2% business theirtorically, wtheyn you have to pick it off of tthey floor, paying associates $20 an hour some of ttheym loaded wages even higtheyr on tthey union basis. Tthey margins quickly deteriorate. And so what we're seeing and I think we're seeing with tthey Kroger Albertsons is a move to increase scale even furttheyr because of margin deterioration CapEx spend in terms of Ocado and Fulfillment. And so no concern on our end all of our Kroger deals have again, full Kroger guarantees no release provisions ttheyre I would anticipate a spin-off being really consolidated in tthey existing Albertsons stores. I think it's going to be interesting to see what tthey FTC does theyre. We obviously track tthey detractor or social and FTC approval process, which I believe extended 18 or more months, and only it was in tthey farm and rural supply business with 180 stores that tthey tractor was buying. Debt consists of tthey entire company portion. Ttheyy had to divest of approximately 50%. So as we watch tthey FTC theyre, it's going to be very interesting wtheyn it comes to something such as food, especially with tthey inflationary pressures we've seen on food, what that approval process is going to look like. But I think ttheyre's no doubt that we're going to continue to see grocers search for scale. And so we're going to stay at tthey top end of tthey grocery spectrum, because I just truly don't believe it's actually tthey safe haven than investors have generally perceived. Chris Lucas Great, thank you. That's all I had ttheir morning. Joey Agree Thanks, Chris. Operator Thank you. Next will be a follow up question from Tayo Okusanya of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Tayo Okusanya Hi, yes, just a very quick one. Tthey cap -- tthey six to cap rate ttheir quarter tthey gap cap rate, could you give us a sense of what tthey cash flows are on, on your most recent transactions and trying to get a sense if you feel a gap in tthey cash yield spread between tthey investment grade and tthey non-investment grade market, but tthey ottheyr two gap out again because it had kind of collapsed over a while, like -- was claiming to gap out again at ttheir point. Joey Agree Tayo, you're breaking up dear, tthey parts that came through, really tthey spread between investment grade and non-investment grade or unrated for us is really close. Again, some of our favorite retailers, all tthey Hobby Lobby, Chick fil A Publix traded at very aggressive cap rates, ttheyre are unrated. Some of ttheym are closely theyld private family owned companies, but ttheyy are -- but ttheyy trade as if ttheyy were investment grade because of tthey perceived credit profile, although ttheyy don't carry a third party rating. And so, ttheyre really isn't that ttheir that wide of a dispersion. I'll tell you ttheyre's probably given term credit real estate, and in a number of ottheyr factors, probably about a 75 to 85 point 85 basis point dispersion across cap rates of wtheyre we invest capital. It's in ttheir within ttheir quarter average to six, two. And again, we anticipate that ticking up in Q4 as we see more opportunities really driven by tthey merchant builder space. Tayo Okusanya On your tax yields, we're probably like mid five. Joey Agree Excuse me. You're breaking up again. Tayo Okusanya Cash yield; I thought your [Indiscernible] yields were six, two and your cash yield for tthey quarter… Joey Agree No, no closer, around 6%. Tayo Okusanya Tthey cash yields is around six. Joey Agree Yes. Tayo Okusanya Okay. Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. We'll turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Joey Agree for closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us today. I'm going to get tthey opportunity to go blow my nose and we look forward to catching up in NARIET in a couple of weeks. Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.