Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Representatives Joel Agree - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Simon Leopold - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ki Bin Kim - Truist Katy McConnell - Citi Nate Crossett - Berenberg Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Bradley Tsai - Jefferies Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Peter Hermann - Baird John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty, First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Simon Leopold, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad Simon. Simon Leopold Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's first quarter 2021 earnings call. Before we begin, I’d like to thank Joey and tthey Board for tthey opportunity to join ADC and tthey outstanding team that ttheyy’ve assembled. I’m very excited to build upon tthey long track record of success theyre at Agree and I look forward to contributing to tthey company's next phase of growth, while maximizing value for our stakeholders. Before turning tthey call over to Joey to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language.  Please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope; severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic; tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact; and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants.  Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest Joseual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements.  In addition, we discussed non-GAAP financial measures including core funds from operations or core FFO; adjusted funds from operations or AFFO; and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Simon, and welcome aboard. Good morning everybody. I'm pleased to report that ADC 3.0 is officially under way. Our focus on people, processes and systems, combined with tthey unique and unprecedented opportunity in tthey market place has accelerated tthey trajectory of our company in every respect. Our increase in guidance reflects tthey success we are seeing on tthey acquisition front, while externally ttheyse results speak to our present and future capabilities, what is less visible is tthey platform infrastructure that we have constructed that powers tthey ADC engine.  Tthey launch of ARC, our proprietary technology platform is tthey culmination of our multi-year effort. What started as an idea and a static spreadttheyyet has now materialized into a powerful and dynamic tool for our growing company. At tthey core of our decision making is real time data. ARC enables and informs everything from relationship management through its CRM tool, our asset level underwriting, portfolio construction, be it vast modeling and planning capabilities, as well as its asset management through its Work Order Management System.  Ttheyse tools have enabled our team to execute quickly and decisively and opportunities to aggregate and access data, establish key performance indicators, measure our performance, streamline and provide clarity to team members and pro-actively manage our growing team. We are very excited to demonstrate ARCs capability in tthey very near future.  In addition to tthey technology that we have deployed, tthey leadership and board additions match tthey opportunity we see in front of us. Ttheir is not a company that sits still, but we intend to continue to rise to tthey occasion and take advantage of our distinctive market positioning.  Moving now to our results, during tthey first quarter we invested approximately $391 million in 90 high quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 86 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform, representing acquisition volume of almost $387 million.  While achieving a number of very strong quarter of acquisition volume during ttheyse uncertain times, we maintained our disciplined focused on best-in-class opportunities with leading retail partners. Ttheir was clearly demonstrated by a record 32% of first quarter acquisition volume being comprised of ground leases and more than 72% of first quarter volume being derived from investment grade retailers.  Tthey 86 properties acquired during tthey first quarter leased 46 tenants operating in 20 distinct sectors, including best-in-class operators in tthey off-price, consumer electronics, auto parts, general merchandise, convenience store, grocery and tire and auto service sectors. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.3% and had a weighted average lease term of 12.9 years.  We executed on several notable transactions during tthey quarter, including our first two Amazon Fresh grocery stores located in Westmont and Bloomingdale, Illinois. We are very pleased about tthey opportunity to add Amazon as a top 50 tenant within our portfolio and look forward to additional opportunities to grow our relationship with ttheym.  Additionally, we acquired a unique portfolio of 10 CVSstores, all which recently signed brand new 20 year net leases at below market rents of just over $14 per square foot on a weighted average basis. Even with ttheir portfolio acquisition, our pharmacy exposure is still down nearly 110 basis points year-over-year, driven by portfolio growth and tthey opportunity disposition of Walgreens assets. With ttheir transaction, CVS has surpassed Walgreens as our largest pharmacy tenant; quite an accomplishment for a former Walgreen developer that at one time had nearly 40% exposure to Walgreens. By year end I anticipate our exposure to Walgreens to drop to at or below 1.5% of our total portfolio.  Tthey pharmacies that we've added in recent years including ttheir portfolio and tthey long term CVS in Downtown Greenwich, Connecticut, reflect unique opportunities to acquire high performing CVS stores with duration and residual values that are difficult to find in tthey pharmacy space. As I discussed in recent calls, we continue to favor CVS as tthey sector leader, given ttheyir innovation and adaptation to consumer preferences, and overall market dynamics in tthey pharmacy space. Tthey acquisition of Aetna in 2018, tthey rollout of tthey MinuteClinic and now ttheyir HealthHub concepts continue to demonstrate thoughtful leadership.  During tthey quarter we also added our first REI store located at a major retail thoroughfare at east Hanover,New Jersey. With median household incomes of $150,000 and a daytime population of 165,000 within a five mile radius, ttheir store is positioned for long term success.  Our focus on building tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio is furttheyr evidenced by tthey record number of ground leases that we acquired during ttheir past quarter. We added 31 ground leases to our portfolio for an aggregate purchase price of $127 million, again representing almost 32% of annualized base rents acquired during tthey quarter.  Our overall ground lease exposure now stands at a company record of 11.4% of our total annualized base rents. Notable ground lease acquisitions during tthey quarter include our CarMax in Pleasant Hill, California, six Wawa convenience stores, our first discount tire, and a previously announced portfolio acquisition of 15 Ground Lease assets from Kite Realty Group.  Inclusive of our first quarter acquisition activity, our Ground Lease portfolio now derives 89% of rents from investment grade tenants and is comprised of tthey company's premier retailers. Our deep relationships across tthey industry, as well as our team’s strong track record of execution continues to deliver additional opportunities to add such properties to ttheir expanding sub portfolio.  Given our robust acquisition activity in tthey first quarter, and enhanced visibility into our pipeline, we are increasing our full year 2021 acquisition guidance to a range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, representing a 33% increase at tthey mid-point as compared to our previous annual guidance. Ttheir increase reflects tthey fact that we are seeing very strong opportunities to grow our portfolio, while remaining disciplined and committed to our stringent investment criteria. We continue to view retail real estate as dynamic and bifurcated into long term winners and losers and we fully intend to stay on tthey winning side.  At quarter end our portfolio’s investment grade exposure stood at more than 67%, representing a significant year-over-year increase of more than 750 basis points, and a two year stacked basis or investment grade exposure has improved by almost 1,500 basis points.  Moving onto our development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, we continue to see compelling opportunities. We had four development in PCS projects that are completed or under construction during tthey first quarter, that represent total capital committed of more than $14 million. One of ttheyse projects was completed during tthey quarter, our second development with Burlington in Texarkana, Texas.  I'm pleased to announce we also commenced our first development with 7-ELEVEN during tthey quarter, located in Saginaw, Michigan. 7-ELEVEN will be subject to a new 15 year lease upon completion and we anticipate delivery will take place in tthey first quarter of 2022. Construction continued during tthey first quarter on two development and PCS projects with anticipated total cost of more than $8 million. Tthey projects consist of a grocery outlet in Port Angeles, Washington, and a Gerber Collision in Buford Georgia.  Subsequent to quarter end we commenced our first development with Floor & Decor in Naples, Florida wtheyre ttheyy'll be subject to a new 15 year lease. We anticipate total cost for ttheir project to be approximately $20 million with rent commencing by January of 2022. We remain focused on leveraging our three pronged external growth platform to expand our relationships with best-in-class retailers we look forward to updating you on progress in tthey quarters atheyad.  Moving on to dispositions, we sold three properties for total gross proceeds of nearly $9 million during tthey first quarter. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 6.8% and included a short term Walgreen's in Big Rapids, Michigan as well as anottheyr franctheire restaurant. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold our Dave & Buster's in Austin, Texas for approximately $10.5 million, representing a cap rate of 7.4%. Notably Dave & Buster's had less than four years remaining on tthey base term of ttheyir lease at tthey time of sale. Ttheir disposition is reflective of our real estate underwriting and tthey ability to sell ttheir asset and IRR more than 8% in a testament to tthey quality of real-estate in our portfolio. Ttheir sale reduced our Dave & Buster's exposure to just two remaining locations.  During tthey quarter we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 66,000 square feet of gross leasable area. As a result of our asset management team's effort, at quarter end our lease maturities for 2021 stood at just 0.4% of annualized base rents, representing a quarter-over-quarter decrease of approximately 50 basis point and a year-over-year decrease of approximately 170 basis points.  Our 2022 lease maturities are in a very positive position as well with only 21 leases or 1.2% of ABR expiring during tthey course of tthey year. No single lease maturity exceeds $600,000 annualized base rents and represents only 0.2% of ABR.  As of March 31, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of $1213 properties across 46 states, including 120 ground leases. Tthey thoughtful and disciplined construction of our leading retail portfolio continues to be reflected in our rent collections data. Including April, we've now collected at least 99% of rent payments for eight consecutive months. During tthey quarter we collected more than 99% of rent payments for our portfolio while entering tthey deferral agreements representing less than 1% of first quarter rents.  As a reminder, our collections data includes both base rent and recurring operating cost reimbursements. In addition we include base rents and operating cost reimbursements charge for tenants in bankruptcy, and who have not made any COVID related adjustments to tthey denominator wtheyn making ttheyse calculations. We remain committed to providing complete and transparent data to our investors and our collections.  I'm also pleased to report that our inaugural ESG report was publittheyyd in tthey first quarter and can be found in tthey investor section of our website. I look forward to continuing to engage with our stakeholders on tthey ESG front and excited about our future successes theyre.  Lastly, I'd like to take a moment to welcome Ambassador John Rakolta Jr. back to our Board of Directors. John previously served on our board from 2011 until their confirmation as United States Ambassador to United Arab Emirates since September of 2019. His leadership theylped shape our company and their contributions will be invaluable as we enter tthey next phase of our growth.  With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Simon and ttheyn we can open it up for any questions.  Simon Leopold  Thanks Joey. Starting with earnings, core funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $0.84 a share, a 3% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter was $0.83, an increase of 2.3% year-over-year. During tthey past four quarters we’ve elected to treat COVID-19 rent deferrals as delinquent receivable and our FFO measures include ttheir revenue.  As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior settlement if and wtheyn ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding Florida equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive of impact related to ttheyse offerings was negligible in tthey first quarter. Per FactSet, current analyst estimates for full year AFFO per share range from $3.39 to $3.53 per share, implying year-over-year growth of 6% to 10%. Given current visibility into our investment pipeline and tthey broader operating environment, we view ttheir level of growth as achievable and expect to end tthey year towards tthey higtheyr end of ttheir range.  General and administrative expenses totaled $6.9 million in tthey first quarter, G&A expense was 8.8% of total revenue or 8.3% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles.  While we continue to invest in people and systems, our anticipation is that G&A as a percentage of total revenue will decrease approximately 100 basis points from 2020 to roughly 7% for 2021, excluding tthey impact of tthey lease intangible amortization on total revenues.  As a reminder, G&A expense for our acquisitions team fluctuates based on acquisition volume for tthey year, and our current anticipation for G&A expense reflects tthey acquisition volume within our new increased annual guidance range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. Due in part to a one-time true-up of almost $500,000 related to 2020 income taxes, total income tax expense for tthey first quarter was approximately $1 million. For 2021 we now anticipate total income tax expense to be approximately $2.5 million.  Moving on to our capital markets activities for tthey quarter. As mentioned on last quarter's call, in January we completed a follow-on public offering of approximately 3.5 million shares of common stock, including tthey underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, which generated net proceeds of almost $222 million.  We were also active on tthey ATM during tthey first quarter, entering into forward sale agreements to sell more than 372,000 shares of common stock at an average gross price of $68.93 for anticipated net proceeds of more than $25 million.  On March 31 we settled 578,000 shares of our – under our outstanding ATM forward offering, for net proceeds of approximately $37 million. At quarter end we had approximately 2.9 million shares outstanding under our ATM forward offerings, which in total are anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $190 million upon settlement.  Inclusive of tthey anticipated net proceeds from our outstanding forward offerings and availability under our credit facility, we have more than $450 million in available liquidity. As of March 31, our pro forma net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.2x, as our outstanding forward equity offerings continued to meaningfully reduce pro forma leverage. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity offerings, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.9x. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 24%, while fixed charge coverage which includes principal amortization increased to a company record 5x.  During tthey first quarter we announced tthey transition to a monthly dividend and decaled monthly cash dividends of $20.07 per share for January, February and March. Tthey monthly dividend reflected an annualized dividend amount of $2.484 per share representing a 6.2% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.340 per share from tthey first quarter of last year.  Our payout ratios for tthey first quarter were a conservative 74% of core FFO per share and 75% of AFFO per share respectively. Subsequent to quarter end we declared an increase monthly cash dividend of $21.07 per share. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.604 per share or an 8.5% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.40 per share from tthey second quarter of last year.  With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey.  Joel Agree  Thank you, Simon. Operator, at ttheir time we’ll open it up for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go atheyad.  Ki Bin Kim Thanks, good morning. Joey, can you talk about your leverage philosophy. I believe your last quoted target range is about 4x to 5x debt to EBITDA. Why is that tthey right range for you guys? Why not a little bit higtheyr? You know it will be great to see that total AFFO growth translate to more AFFO per share growth and wtheyn you take into account tthey high quality nature of your EBITDA, 7%, best-in-grade and all that. I would think it could support a higtheyr leverage range relatively speaking.  Joel Agree Yeah, good morning Ki and I think – well, I think if you look at net lease generally and our portfolio specifically in a private context, I think net lease of course you're right, it does in a private contract support significantly more leverage. What we found is running a conservative balance ttheyyet with tthey liquidity and strictly tthey balance ttheyyet capacity to continue to expand our business, which is growing at a clip of about 33% per annum theyre. It is prudent, so during tthey pandemic we brought our stated leverage target down from 5x to 6x to 4x to 5x.  We’ve theirtorically been operating in that range. It really anyway increases tthey forward equity offering, so – you know today sitting at pro forma 4.2x, we think we're in a fantastic position to continue to execute on our pipeline near term and long term, but at tthey same time – but ttheyse aren’t hard and fast rules.  Tools like tthey forward equity offering give us tthey ability, right, to move leverage between that 4x and 5x and even potentially go north of tthey 5x. But I think as Simon mentioned in tthey prepared comments, you know we think we could achieve upper single digit AFFO growth theyre, even with a strong balance ttheyyet that's running between 4x and 5x. So while tthey portfolio certainly could support higtheyr leverage, we think it's prudent to maintain tthey dry powder to continue to execute on tthey business. Simon, you want to add anything? Simon Leopold Yeah, tthey only thing I’d add Ki Bin is that you know we – it’s really important that we continue to be able to raise capital in an efficient cost effective way, and with tthey leverage wtheyre it is right now we think we're clearly going to be very appealing to investors in tthey bond market, and that's a really important part of our overall capital strategy and we’re able to achieve tthey kind of AFFO growth that Joey’s talked about, that I talked about on tthey call at ttheyse leverage points. So it seems like tthey right place for us, just a comfortable balance between sort of all tthey stakeholders interest in tthey company.  Operator Our next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go atheyad. Katy McConnell Thanks, good morning everyone. Can you give us some insight into tthey volume of tthey outsourced versus close down in tthey quarter. Are you making any changes in your underwriting criteria or assets that you're targeting based on tthey new technology your using at tthey ARC platform?  A - Joel Agree Good morning, Katy. You know tthey first part of your question in growth, is that tthey specifics about what we acquired during tthey quarter? Katy McConnell Yeah, just tthey volume that you sourced because of ttheir growth.  A - Joel Agree So I’ll tell you, we closed tthey vast majority of assets that we source, as long as obviously we clear diligence and received stock and tthey like, and so in terms of sourcing, we will continue to bat you know upper single digits, that's our business theyre. We've got 60%, 70% of what we actually closed on in terms of what – in terms of tthey new investment committee and so tthey team's doing a tremendous job uncovering opportunities. And so it's fair to say we will get billions of dollars in any given quarter for acquiring close to $400 million.  To tthey second part of your question, what arc enables is really real-time access to data and tthey transactional capabilities to match and ttheyn tthey dash-boarding capabilities that I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. So it's a fantastic tool for us, both on tthey origination side, as well as throughout tthey entire real estate lifecycle of an asset, but I would anticipate our acquisition activities in coming quarters to be similar in terms of composition. We’ll continue to focus on industry leading retailers in our “sandbox.” We’ll continue to source opportunistically high quality ground lease assets and our focus will remain in investing for that omnichannel operators.  Katy McConnell Okay, thanks. And ttheyn now you saw tthey Dave & Buster's asset. What are your plans to furttheyr sell down energy and exposure and what does demand look like for ttheir category of talent you got?  A - Joel Agree So tthey totality of our payment exposure is if you were meaning Dave & Buster's assets, tthey ones in downtown New Orleans, in a mixed use complex which is a very unique property for us, adjacent to tthey Smoothie Center and tthey Mercedes Benz Zone, tthey former dome ttheyre in New Orleans, tthey Superdome. So both, tthey totality – that’s tthey totality of our exposure ttheyre. So we were never overly inquisitive in tthey experiences / entertainment that we could begin with, and so those are tthey two assets we're very comfortable with.  Obviously if we get tthey right bid for ttheym and we look at tthey opportunity to dispose of ttheym, I think that Dave & Buster's in Austin is representative of tthey high quality nature of our real estate. That asset had 3.7 years of remaining term on it and we were able to achieve a mid-seven cap growth. So I think that was an optimal outcome for us ttheyre and that was an inbound which we've been talking about for a couple of quarters now. It wasn't even openly marketed.  Katy McConnell Okay, great. Thank you.  A - Joel Agree Thanks Katy. Operator Our next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Hey, good morning guys. Just curious to get your comment on what tthey outlook for pricing looks like as far out as you can see I guess? Is ttheyre any pressure ttheyre? Have you seen any change with kind of grades backing up or what should we kind of be expecting?  A - Joel Agree Well, I think pricing in tthey high quality net lease space and some comments from some of our peers and just general market data, we see it in tthey lower tier in terms of quality in tthey net lease space continues to be attractive, and we continue to see aggressive cap rates marginally compressing. We continue theyre specifically to source value given our relationships, our technology now, and just tthey depth and breadth of our team.  But in terms of cap rates on a go forward basis, if tthey tenure stays in ttheir range bound theyre, you know in tthey 1-6 range let's call it, plus or minus 20 basis points, I don't know – I truly don't see any material movement in cap rates or any upward pressure in terms of cap rate.  Nate Crossett Okay, that's theylpful and ttheyn a record quarter for grounding just for you guys. Is ttheyre anything to call out ttheyre that's driving tthey increased volume ttheyre? Was it – or is it just a function of tthey Kite Realty Portfolio, and are ttheyre ottheyr portfolios like that, that are out ttheyre that you can get.  Joel Agree Well, Kite was certainly a component ttheyre, but as we talked about in tthey prepared remarks, we acquired a number of Wawa’s. We acquired a CarMax in California, long term ground lease in Pleasanton, California, tthey CarMax and we continue to view really in a superior position in tthey used car space given tthey nature and breadth and depth of tthey different lines of businesses and we continue to source unique opportunities like tthey discount tire on a one-off basis. So tthey Kite Portfolio certainly was a piece of it. We'll continue to look at such portfolios as ttheyy arise, but tthey vast majority of opportunities were clearly on a one-off basis ttheyre. Nate Crossett Okay, thanks ttheyre.  A - Joel Agree Thanks Nate.  Operator Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning.  A - Joel Agree Good morning, Haendel. Hi! Haendel St. Juste Hey! So I guess we’ve seen that you know pick up theyre in M&A, Kimco, Weingarten and Realty Income and VEREIT tthey latest. I guess I'm curious on what your view on tthey backdrop for M&A today is theyre in tthey space and if ttheyre's any scenario that you could see ADC participating. And ttheyn also more broadly, curious what your thoughts are on tthey pricing, from tthey Realty Income and VEREIT. Thanks. A - Joel Agree Well, it’s certainly interesting to see public-to-public emanating in tthey overall retail space. I think tthey shopping center space potentially was a long time coming and I'm not sure if we’ve seen tthey remainder, all of it in totality, given just tthey number of operators in ttheir space and tthey different pressures on tthey space.  And ttheyn M&A, obviously it is unique. It is transaction specific. We'll continue to look at any and all opportunities and most importantly I think tthey M&A we've seen in our space as well as adjacencies provides us a continued opportunity as to ttheyn what we do. You know we are – not a portfolio purchaser generally speaking; we’re not a sale leaseback purchaser generally speaking. We're focused on a very tight sandbox theyre of tthey best retailers in tthey country and we have you know 80 to – you know 80 plus or minus transactions going through our pipeline at any given time, at a very granular nature average price point of $4 million to $5 million.  So our competitive set continues to be private purchasers, 1031 purchasers, leverage purchasers on tthey asset leverage, on tthey asset level and so it’s a very unique opportunity for us to continue to accelerate and expand our business with an M&A backdrop ttheyre and we’ll continue to look at opportunities. I've always said, what we will never do is dilute tthey quality of ttheir portfolio. We are on a March to improve what we think is already tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio in tthey country and we are going to continue to drive that home, no pandemic surge sales and tthey like and a lot of unique circumstances has made retailers outside our sandbox if you're more attracted to tthey near term. But as I stated in tthey prepared remarks, we really view retail as a K theyre. Ttheyre’s going to be continued dynamic transformation and that's in retail. We're focused on tthey up-leg of that K and tthey winners ttheyre.  Haendel St. Juste Got it, thank you for that. Anything on tthey contractor LOI today and ttheyn as part of that, I’m thinking what’s your overall view of tthey exposure for tthey ground lease out of your business, good growth. How are you thinking about that over time? Thanks.  A - Joel Agree Well, I continue – tthey team continues to surprise me by tthey ability to source problem lease assets. Ttheyy are you know, and I say consistently we think tthey best risk adjusted returns by a significant margin in retail realty.  Tthey ground lease portfolio of 11.4% has almost doubled in size in approximately I’d say 24 months. I anticipate it to pick higtheyr in Q2, just given tthey extent to tthey pipeline that we can see currently, with similar opportunities that we executed on Q1. And so it is a – It’s a unique aspect to our business, tthey team and through ttheyir efforts surprised me about ttheyir capabilities to continue to uncover those truly on a granular basis.  Wtheyre it goes from theyre will be a function of tthey team’s efforts in pricing and what makes sense qualitatively within tthey portfolio. So I wouldn't have predicted 11.4%; I wouldn't have predicted theirtorically ttheyre would be north of ttheyir idea at 630, but we continue to find those opportunities.  Haendel St. Juste On tthey contractor LOI side, anything you turned up front.  Joel Agree Nothing specific. Our pipeline continues to be strong for Q2, theynce tthey rays of tthey guidance, we’ll be getting to source for Q3 opportunities today. Ttheyre are some unique transactions and ttheyy are similar to Q1. Obviously diverse geographically by sector and by tenant, but nothing overly notable or noting that we're going to call out today.  Haendel St. Juste Thank you.  Joel Agree Thanks Haendel.  Operator Our next question comes from Bradley Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Bradley Tsai  Hi! Good morning.  Joel Agree Good morning.  Bradley Tsai  To reach tthey high end of consensus – good morning. Tthey high end of consensus estimates, Simon I think you said 10% year-over-year growth. Does ttheir assume $1.3 billion in transaction volume and you know what kind of assumptions does ttheir incorporate on tthey equity side?  Simon Leopold Tthey range was 6% to 10% and what we said was that we didn’t expect it to be toward tthey higtheyr end, not necessarily all tthey way to 10%. But it does, it does incorporate tthey range of outcomes on non-acquisitions that we put out ttheyre, tthey 1.1 to 1.3 and look, you never know exactly wtheyre you're going to get. Ttheir is not a precise science. We are out ttheyre buying things every day. But that's what we're trying to get to.  It also does require an acceleration of tthey results quarter-over-quarter. So we have to call it $0.83 of AFFO in ttheir first quarter. In order to get to that higtheyr end of tthey range it does require an acceleration of results towards tthey back end and that's really a function of our acquisition pipeline.  Bradley Tsai  Thanks. And ttheyn Joey, in your prepared remarks you highlighted tthey CVS in Greenwich and ttheyn REI in east Hanover. Are you seeing more compelling opportunities come to market in higtheyr income areas or is ttheir part of tthey focus to gain higtheyr exposure to ttheyse markets? Joel Agree Ttheyse are just for clarity. Tthey CVS in Greenwich was acquired I believe in 2020 or late 2019. Tthey CVS portfolio, tthey [inaudible] was acquired in tthey first quarter.  Look, we continue to be geographically very dispersed. That is from urban to rural to street retail to ground leases, really across that spectrum as long as we are in our sandbox. So we’ve seen accelerated opportunities in tthey Sun Belt just given tthey nature of construction start down ttheyre. We’ve see accelerated opportunities in tthey South, but really we are opportunistic in terms of going coast to coast and north to south across tthey country.  Bradley Tsai  Thank you.  Joel Agree Thanks Bradley.  Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hi thanks. And Joey, just to kind of hone in on tthey CVS transaction, how big a deal was that? What was tthey remaining lease term before you blended and extended, maybe just some context ttheyre. I think you commented on tthey rent being below market. Have you any more color please.  Joel Agree So that transaction as I mentioned was unique. Ttheyse are CVS locations in ttheyir core markets in tthey Midwest. Short remaining lease terms sub, roughly five years on those stores fully recasted to 20 year leases, 10 stores. It was approximately off tthey top of my theyad about $30 million.  Tthey unique aspect of tthey transaction was not only tthey CVS as you know I mentioned in tthey remarks; that extended for a full 20 years. But also if you look at per square foot rental rates and aggregate rental rates across tthey pharmacy space, it typically ranges from $25 to $35 per square foot. Part of my challenge was pharmacy acquisitions theirtorically, theynce tthey dispositions of tthey Walgreens and ttheyir overall exposure, tthey reduction in overall exposure with tthey replacement rent on those approximate 13,000 to 14,000 square foot buildings, which typically ran from a third to half.  And so in context of ttheir transaction, we have CVS that are paying approximately just over $14 per square foot, brand new recap, 40 year leases. CVS results by chance came out ttheir morning again, beating tthey street with impressive results. And so we are fan of what CVS is doing, both transformational within ttheyir business, but also on tthey real estate front.  And so as I mentioned, you know Walgreens really went, really post tthey acquisition by Boots Alliance and theynce tthey attempted acquisition on Rite Aid to increase tthey store account, while CVS went into divergent Health and Wellness aspect. Ttheyy had tthey PBM theirtorically, tthey Aetna purchase, tthey MinuteClinic roll out, anottheyr theyalth clubs which are extremely impressive if anyone’s had tthey opportunity to see ttheym if ttheyy continue to roll out.  It’s really a vertically integrated Health and Wellness business and so we are – we like what ttheyy are doing from a corporate perspective. We are theysitant on tthey front end of pharmacy; we are theysitant on tthey residual theirtorically, but given tthey nature of tthey low price points, tthey low per square foot rental rates and tthey low per square purchase prices and tthey 20 years CVS leases, we thought ttheir was an extremely attractive transaction.  Todd Stender Right, that's theylpful. Thanks Joey, and ttheyn I don’t know if I missed ttheir. What are tthey assets that are on top of tthey ground leases that you acquired from Kite, any color ttheyre?  Joel Agree So it was a mixed bag, and so everything from a Chipotle to I believe Bank of America, to a couple of Panera Bread locations, out laps to ttheyir existing shopping centers throughout ttheyir portfolio and it was an opportunity for us, portfolio level opportunity to increase tthey ground lease exposure ttheyre, and so it was a direct transaction that we thought was beneficial, obviously to both parties.  Todd Stender It's all single tenant stand alone, no shopping centers.  Joel Agree Correct, all single tenant standalone outlets, which is fairly easy for us.  Todd Stender Alright, thank you.  Joel Agree Thank you, Todd.  Operator Our next question comes from Peter Hermann with Baird. Please go atheyad.  Peter Hermann Hey Joey! Thanks for taking my questions today. Can you talk about tthey ability to potentially close deals faster now with tthey new platform? Thanks.  Joel Agree Yeah, I mean just – I appreciate tthey question to talk about ARC a little bit, I’ll just take tthey opportunity.  So what I found a few years ago is tthey acceleration of tthey business really began to ramp. Just being tthey nature of an aggregate it’s difficult to project forward critical key metrics, and so Peter Cougtheynour our VP of Sales and I started sketching out literally on a piece of paper an idea and a concept. That idea quickly ttheyn morptheyd into a static spreadttheyyet, which required obviously significant manual input. That express ttheyyet ttheyn became powered by an IBM, TM1 database. Tthey IBM TM1 database ttheyn it got switctheyd to a MySQL database to give us tthey real time dynamic capability and from ttheyre we customized our CRM tool that we hooked in to ARC, through MySQL database.  That initial projection tool ttheyn became a dash boarding tool for us for our acquisition team, really guided in part by Greg Lehmkuhl, tthey CEO of Lineage whose a fantastic Director on our Board. And who’s a lean guru and whose team trained and facilitated ours, just an operational and using visual key management tools. So every member of our acquisition asset management transaction team now has a dashboard that ttheyy can drill into all levels of data, cut, slice, dice it, display it visually, export it, do all types of really cool things. In tthey last few quarters, we have constructed even more additional modules, really expanding it to really tthey entire company. So now we have a full pipeline and database that tied into our underwriting and so it's literally a map of tthey country that could be drilled into, sorted and filtered by any criteria, a Work Order Management System that expands, tthey property level maintains, all tthey way to tthey full data aggregation theyre, work orders by duration, type of work order, planning tools in terms of seeing tthey number of work orders and wtheyre ttheyy expand across tthey country.  Anottheyr transaction team module is in beta; we’ll go live very shortly theyre. That enabled tthey full team to see tthey real time status of all transactions that our pipeline from tthey first contact at tthey CRM level, at tthey Customer Management Level, to tthey current status of tthey diligent. So ARC is truly tthey connectivity between tthey team and tthey technology we've created to harness tthey opportunity in a very fragmented market. It’s a key ingredient for us to continue to scale without ARC, our people and our cultural. It wouldn't be possible to execute $1.11 billion to $1.3 billion in transactions at an average purchase price of $4 million to $5 million.  So again, we have 50 to 100 transactions going through tthey pipeline at any given time. Ttheir system, ttheir tool, tthey platform really gives us real time data on all real estate activities; it gives us tthey capability through its dash boarding, both team and individual to establish KPIs to measure and manage through ttheym. So it's a powerful tool that will continue to expedite and accelerate tthey business theyre, both at tthey transactional level and obviously that rolls up those 300-plus or minus transactions rolls up to our result at tthey end of tthey day. Peter Hermann Got it. I appreciate that color. Thank you so much.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Massocca from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning.  Joel Agree Good morning, John.  John Massocca Could you maybe provide some color on tthey expected investment volume cadence ttheir year? Its just kind of, if you look at tthey 1Q '21 acquisition and you back those out of guidance, it essentially calls for kind of around $300 million of investments, which would be kind of a notable decline versus 1Q. I'm just trying to figure out if that's based on your visibility into 2Q or just kind of conservatism around maybe 2H. Joel Agree Well, I think given just tthey nature of our business as a granular purchaser, it's very difficult to predict or project. I mean we truly have zero visibility into Q4, minimal visibility into Q3. We have very good visibility now into Q2. Again, I'd remind people, our average transaction is approximately 70 days from letter of intent execution to close, some longer, some shorter, just about tthey nature of tthey transaction. And so it's difficult given obviously a fluid market, a fragmented space and just tthey nature of our business to project forward.  Now we've come out with tthey initial guidance of $800 million to $1 billion in tthey first week of January, given what we know at tthey time. And our promise has always been wtheyn we know what we know, we will come out and adjust any expectations and provide that transparency to investors. So I would tell you, it's a combination of tthey environment; it's a combination of our business, and we just can't see tthey future. I wish we could. ARC does not allow us to see tthey future unfortunately, but that will be tthey next module, right Peter? John Massocca I mean just, as I think about maybe, I know you don't give quarter-to-quarter investment volume guidance, but if you think about tthey investment volume guys, if you think about tthey $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, is that significantly front-end loaded based on what you see today? Joel Agree Well, I wouldn’t say necessarily front-end loaded. I mean we just printed Q1 at $300 million, approximately $380 million acquired, and so I think we can cut that up for tthey remaining three quarters. I don't anticipate Q2 to be very different in terms of assets that we're acquiring. Volume may be down or at that level. So we'll see wtheyre things close. Again, we can't predict wtheyttheyr something is going to close on July 27th, 28th or July 2. It won't close on July 4, because everything is closed.  But our business, tthey last outstanding issue generally to close an asset in our business is reliant upon tthey tenant to provide estoppels, and so things can cross quarters. You know we have ideas that will close ttheir quarter and ttheyn everything can get jumbled around. ARC gives us tthey visibility to move things around in those corners as we have those third-party respondents, diligence, outstanding estoppels and such like that, and so that provides a level of transparency and visibility for us. But closing and tthey timing of transactions really isn't reliant necessarily upon just our operations or execution theyre. John Massocca  Okay, understood. And ttheyn how is tthey cap rate on ground lease assets acquired in tthey quarter compared to kind of non-ground lease investments? And I guess if you saw ground leases as a percentage of investments maybe normalized versus theirtorical levels, how much higtheyr, assuming ground leases were a lower cap rate, how much higtheyr could tthey overall kind of blended cap rate trend? Joel Agree So tthey ground lease assets, interestingly enough, due to tthey duration in our relationships, tthey duration of ttheyir base term remaining, our relationships we’re buying short-term, long-term ground leases, we obviously did tthey Kite transaction. Ttheyy generally speaking, fall within tthey range of our general acquisition volume.  Now long term ground leases in California can be at tthey lower end of tthey acquisition, obviously a spectrum for us in terms of cap rates, and so – but ttheyy generally fall within that range. I don't have a percentage for you off tthey top of my theyad. But just given tthey nature and tthey disparity between some of ttheyse assets, it generally is falling within, call it that 5% to 7% range for us, and ttheyn we end up generally in tthey mid 6’s%. Ttheyre's a second part of that question? Sorry. John Massocca  No, I think it's kind of irrelevant because ttheyy are in tthey same range, so it makes sense. And ttheyn one last kind of bigger picture one; you know ttheyre have been some rumblings about kind of increased capital competition in tthey net lease space from leveraged non-public buyers like those etc. Are you seeing ttheyse competitors in tthey sandboxes in which you tend to play? Joel Agree No. I think tthey ABS backed buyers, tthey CTL backed buyers, tthey theyavy lever buyers are looking at larger price point transactions, some of tthey larger sale leasebacks wtheyre we're seeing very aggressive cap rates wtheyre we haven't participated. I think we just – again, tthey $4 million to $5 million leverage price point doesn't play itself very well to private equity sponsors or ABS or CTL backed purchasers ttheyre. So our competition continues to be Jane Doe and it's a unique competitive set. Given our balance ttheyyet, our team, our capabilities and our technology platform and cost of capital, frankly it's a mismatch. John Massocca  Okay, that’s it for me. Thank you very much for taking my questions. A - Joel Agree Great! Thank you, John. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Thank you operator and I thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to catching up with everybody in June at Virtual Nareit. We'll talk to you soon. Thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.