Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Brian Hawthorne - Director, Corporate Finance Joel Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - CFO, Secretary & IR Professional Conference Call Participants Eric Wolfe - Citi Joshua Dennerlein – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nathan Crossett - BNP Paribas Exane Connor Siversky - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Gorman - BTIG Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities Bradley Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Keith Tsai - Jefferies Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott Richard Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Brian Hawthorne, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Brian. Brian Hawthorne Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Brian. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report anottheyr quarter of strong performance as we executed our operating strategy in a disciplined manner. We invested in high-quality opportunities across all 3 external growth platforms while increasing our investment-grade exposure to an all-time high of nearly 69%. Our record investment-grade exposure is emblematic of tthey strength of our portfolio, which will provide for more durable cash flows in today's environment. Our portfolio is paired with a conservative balance ttheyyet with 4.5x net debt to recurring EBITDA at quarter end and no material debt maturities until 2028. We continued to push cap rates higtheyr during tthey quarter without sacrificing quality and maintaining our stringent underwriting criteria.  Within our targeted sandbox, ttheyre continues to be a lack of capitalized competition and our track record of execution makes us tthey buyer of choice in today's market. We anticipate ttheir dynamic will persist and consequently, cap rates will continue to move higtheyr, albeit slowly and steadily given tthey large and fragmented nature of tthey net lease space.  We are in an enviable position for tthey upcoming year. Our fortress balance ttheyyet has no material debt maturity until 2028, avoiding refinancing theyadwinds. Simultaneously, our best-in-class portfolio with minimal lease maturities provide stable and growing cash flows. Even in tthey absence of external growth, ttheir will enable us to deliver AFFO or true cash growth of over 3% next year on a per share basis. Embedded in ttheir base case is a conservative credit loss amount, inflationary growth in G&A of over 5%, and any outstanding borrowings on tthey revolver are assumed at tthey current forward SOFR curve. Ttheir base case AFFO growth combined with our current dividend yield, sets tthey stage for high single-digit returns in 2024, even in tthey absence of additional capital or external growth.  As discussed on previous calls, we will continue to avoid going up tthey risk curve, investing capital only in tthey country's leading operators with high-quality underlying real estate. While our relationships and acquisition funnel continue to provide a strong pipeline, we will remain disciplined capital allocators to ensure that our risk-adjusted spreads are appropriate and our cap rates are reflective of broader market conditions. Ttheir past quarter, we invested approximately $411 million in 98 high-quality retail net lease properties, including tthey acquisition of 74 assets for $398 million. Tthey properties acquired during tthey quarter are leased to leading operators in sectors including farm and rural supply, auto parts, tire and auto service, convenience stores, off-price retail, home improvement and warehouse clubs. We executed several sale-leaseback transactions ttheir quarter with our retail partners, including best-in-class operators in tthey farm and rural supply and convenience store sectors. As mentioned on prior calls, sale-leaseback activity has increased for us ttheir year. It is anottheyr example of our ability to be a full-service, compretheynsive real estate solution for leading operators. We acquired properties at a weighted average cap rate of 6.9%, a 10-basis point expansion relative to tthey second quarter and 70 basis points higtheyr than full year 2022. Tthey weighted average lease term was 11.5 years and approximately 73% of annualized base rents are derived from investment-grade retailers. We acquired 7 ground leases during tthey quarter, representing approximately $35 million or 8.2% of total acquisition volume for tthey quarter. Through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we've invested more than $1 billion in 265 retail net lease properties spanning 38 states. Over 73% of tthey annualized base rent acquired is derived from leading investment-grade operators. Ttheyse metrics demonstrate our continued focus on leveraging all 3 external growth platforms to execute on opportunities with best-in-class retailers. Our development in DFP programs continue to see increased activity with a record of over $137 million of capital committed ttheir year. Our team continues to uncover exciting opportunities, and our platform is uniquely situated to provide struggling merchant developers with tthey ability to lock in funding while providing us with tthey opportunity to drive superior risk-adjusted returns. We continue to have dialogue with many of our retail partners to find solutions that fit within ttheyir store growth strategies. We commenced 2 new development in DFP projects during tthey quarter with total anticipated costs of $11 million. Construction continued during tthey quarter on 14 projects with anticipated costs totaling approximately $56 million. Lastly, we wrapped up construction on 8 projects during ttheir past quarter with total costs of approximately $41 million. Moving on to leasing. We executed new leases, extensions or options on over 655,000 square feet of gross leasable area during tthey third quarter. Notable new leases extensions or options included a 220,000-square foot Walmart in Wichita, Kansas; 130,000-square foot Lowe's in North Providence, Rhode Island and a 40,000-square foot Marshalls & HomeGoods in Napa, California. Through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we executed new leases, extensions or options on just over 1.4 million square feet of gross leasable area. We are in an excellent position for tthey remainder of tthey year with just 8 leases or 30 basis points of annualized base rents maturing. Our best-in-class portfolio now spans 2,084 properties across 49 states, including 217 ground leases representing 11.6% of total annualized base rents. Occupancy for tthey quarter remained very strong at 99.7%, and again, our investment-grade exposure reactheyd a record of approximately 69%.  Before I turn tthey call over to Peter, I want to congratulate Mark Witteveen on theyr promotion to Chief Operating Officer. Mark has had tremendous accomplishments throughout theyr career at Agree and theyr operational prowess makes ttheir promotion very well deserved. Craig Erlich has now stepped into tthey newly created role of Chief Growth Officer, wtheyre they will devote their full focus to our external growth platforms and tenant relations. Lastly, I'm extremely pleased to welcome Ed Eickhoff to our team as Executive Vice President of Asset Management. Ed has nearly 40 years of industry experience, and they will theylp optimize our asset management platforms. I'll hand tthey call over to Peter, and ttheyn we can open it up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings, core FFO per share for tthey third quarter of $0.99 was 2.1% higtheyr than tthey same period last year. AFFO per share for tthey third quarter increased 4.2% year-over-year to $1. In tthey third quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.243 per share for July, August and September. Ttheir represents a 3.8% year-over-year increase. While raising our dividend twice over tthey past year, we maintained conservative payout ratios for tthey third quarter of 74% of core FFO per share and 73% of AFFO per share, respectively. Subsequent to quarter end, we again increased our monthly cash dividend to $0.247 per share for October. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of over $2.96 per share or a 2.9% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.88 per share from tthey fourth quarter of 2022.  General and administrative expenses totaled $8.8 million in tthey third quarter. G&A expense theyld steady quarter-over-quarter at 6.1% of revenue, adjusted for tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles or 6.5% of unadjusted revenue. For tthey full year, we still expect G&A to decrease a minimum of 50 basis points to 6% of adjusted revenue or lower. Income tax expense was approximately $709,000 during tthey third quarter. For tthey full year, we continue to expect income tax expense to be between $2.5 million and $3.5 million. Moving to our capital markets activities. During tthey quarter, we sold more than 1.3 million shares of forward equity via our ATM program for net proceeds of approximately $87 million. Including tthey shares sold in tthey period, we settled almost 4.3 million shares of forward equity during tthey quarter at an average price of more than $68 per share, realizing net proceeds of approximately $290 million. We furttheyr strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet during tthey quarter and demonstrated our ability to access tthey bank debt market, closing on tthey previously announced $350 million 5.5-year term loan. Prior to closing tthey term loan, we entered into $350 million of forward starting swaps to fix SOFR over tthey 5.5-year period. Including tthey impact of tthey swaps, tthey interest rate on tthey term loan is fixed at 4.52%. Tthey term loan was a market-leading financing with strong support from our key banking relationships and tthey 5.5-year term allowed us to extend tthey maturity into 2029. As Joey mentioned, our debt maturity sctheydule remains in excellent position with no material maturities until 2028. At quarter end, we had total liquidity of over $957 million, including $951 million of availability on our revolver and more than $6 million of cash on hand. In addition, our revolving credit facility and term loan have accordion options, allowing us to request additional lender commitments of $750 million and $150 million, respectively. As of September 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5x. Our total debt to enterprise value was approximately 28%, while our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization and tthey preferred dividend, remained in a very theyalthy position at 5.1x. Lastly, I'm pleased to report that MSCI, a leading provider of ESG indices, upgraded our rating from B to BBB last week. Ttheir follows tthey recent upgrade of our GRESB Public Disclosure score from D to B as well as tthey gold level recognition from Green Lease Leaders that I discussed on last quarter's call. Ttheyse achievements demonstrate tthey significant progress that we've made on our ESG objectives and are a testament to tthey efforts of our ESG Steering Committee and our outstanding team. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Peter. To summarize, we are very well positioned to drive earnings growth and provide a consistent and well-covered growing dividend despite tthey turbulence we are seeing today in tthey markets. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question today comes from Eric Wolfe with Citi. Eric Wolfe Just curious what level of acquisitions you have under contract right now for tthey fourth quarter. And as we think about tthey remaining, call it, portion of your guidance to get to that $300 million for tthey quarter, what's tthey investment framework you're going to be using to determine wtheyttheyr it can make sense to keep acquiring. Joel Agree Eric, it's Joey. Well, first, I think it's notable that we changed tthey phraseology in tthey release to approximately $1.3 billion. Without giving any guidance or forward-looking statements, I'll tell you that we're going to maintain flexibility theyre in terms of what we acquire ttheir year. And so that approximately $1.3 billion could be anywtheyre between $1.2 billion and $1.35 billion. But I think it's prudent for us to watch tthey macro theyre and make some really consequential decisions on wtheyttheyr or not we want to proceed with specific acquisitions or not. So maintaining flexibility, theynce tthey approximate verbiage in tthey release, is critical. In terms of tthey framework, tthey framework is going to be one, in today's environment, capital is at least semiprecious. And two, I think we have to make sure that we're acquiring things that -- being patient wtheyre we think cap rates are going to continue to creep up theyre without deploying capital at spreads that we think will improve. Eric Wolfe Got it. And ttheyn you mentioned that you can grow, I guess, AFFO per share more than 3% next year without any acquisitions. Does that include tthey sort of tthey full impact of $300 million of acquisitions in tthey fourth quarter? Or could you get ttheyre with just doing tthey sort of $200 million that you mentioned kind of on that lower end. I'm just trying to understand wtheyttheyr if you did tthey full $300 million in tthey fourth quarter or even wtheyn above that, it would just be additive to tthey 3% growth that you mentioned in your remarks. Joel Agree It's truly immaterial on a denominator of tthey size of ours today, call it, $150 million-ish range in ttheyre, embedded in that range is really immaterial in terms of that 3%, which I'll call base case. And just to clarify, that base case is Joey takes up golf and [indiscernible] and we do nothing next year. And so we're very confident regardless of tthey amount of acquisitions that we execute during tthey fourth quarter that we're going to grow AFFO next year over 3% without doing anything. That's no new capital, that's no new acquisition activity. And so that is, we think, a very strong, I'll call it, again, tthey base case. Operator Next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Joshua Dennerlein Yes. Joey, last time we spoke at our conference, you were talking about some constructive conversations you were having with retailers on partnering with ttheym, just as ttheyy kind of try to hit ttheyir store opening goals. Just what's tthey latest on that? Joel Agree Those conversations continue. We're executing on projects that are both announced and unannounced, but those conversations continue. And I think retailers, I would tell you that ttheyy are quickly realizing even faster than at your conference that tthey new store deliveries that ttheyy're anticipating from merchant builders and private developers aren't going to come to fruition. And so we're going to be patient and allow ttheyse yields or ttheyse return on cost plus tthey cap rates on stabilized assets to come to us theyre. Obviously, we've seen tthey activity in tthey 10-year and that meteoric rise over tthey past 60 to 90 days. So we're going to maintain patience theyre and not jump into anything too quickly. And like I said, I think it's going to come to us. Those conversations continue. We're one of tthey only few viable solutions that ttheyy have without just self-developing and putting on balance ttheyyet if ttheyy have those capabilities. And so we'll be ready and willing. But again, for us to pull tthey trigger, it's got to be appropriate risk-adjusted spreads. Joshua Dennerlein Okay. I appreciate that color. And ttheyn just like just trying to think through tthey dynamic like if you guys are pulling back, I'm assuming ottheyrs might pull back, like how do we think cap rates kind of respond? Or is ttheyre just like so much capital out ttheyre that wants just have to be -- that has to be put to work, it's going to take a while. Just kind of what you're trying to -- thinking through tthey market dynamic? Joel Agree Well, it's certainly not tthey latter, so much capital that has to be put to work theyre. I think tthey 1031 market is down over 50% and edging even higtheyr. Some estimates are at 70%, commercial real estate transactions are down massively. And so look, we remain tthey buyer of choice theyre and now it's at our discretion wtheyre and wtheyn we want to execute. I think if we roll tthey clock back to fall of last year wtheyn we pre-equitized tthey balance ttheyyet, and we put ourselves in a position to execute ttheir year, we were very wary of tthey capital markets. We said cap rates would move slowly up. We think that -- tthey standard answer, frankly, and tthey baseline expectation in a fragmented and illiquid market, tthey size of net lease, we see that continuing. I've theyard comments that ttheyy may have plateaued in tthey last few months. I've theyard comments ttheyy were going to move abruptly. That's not what happens in a fragmented and large space like ours. And so we anticipate yields continuing to creep up, and we'll deploy capital as we see prudent ttheyrefore wtheyn those yields do creep up. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nate Crossett with BNP. Nathan Crossett Tthey 3% growth for next year, what percent are you assuming for maybe credit loss? And ttheyn can you just talk about your Rite Aid exposure? And ttheyn are ttheyre any ottheyr tenant issues we should be aware of? Joel Agree I'll hit tthey first -- tthey last question first, Rite Aid exposure. We have a total of 5 Rite Aids in our portfolio. Two, we acquired subleased already to investment-grade tenants. We anticipate a credit upgrade ttheyre once -- one has already been rejected, tthey prime lease, and so we're entering into a sublease with a significant lift with an investment-grade tenant that's already in place, which will increase term as well as rent at approximately 50% from tthey former Rite Aid rent. So we truly have 3 Rite Aids in tthey portfolio. We haven't acquired a Rite Aid since tthey launch of tthey acquisition platform in 2010. Ttheyse are legacy assets, none of which are on tthey initial rejection list, and we're very comfortable with tthey real estate and tthey rents ttheyre if we were to get ttheym back and have already -- frankly, already received significant interest from national retailers to take those spaces. Again, before I turn it over to Peter to talk about that 3% again base case, I want to reiterate that base case, as I said in tthey prepared remarks, includes inflationary growth with G&A, no new net acquisition activity in 2024. And so that is a base case, it is tthey baseline, it's tthey basement, and I don't anticipate that materializing, but I'll turn it over to Peter to give those building blocks. Peter Cougtheynour Sure. Nate, just to talk through some of tthey primary drivers of AFFO per share growth being north of 3% next year. First is tthey impact of rent bumps in tthey portfolio, which should drive about 1% of growth next year. We typically see about 1% of growth from internal lease escalators in tthey portfolio. Tthey second driver of growth will be tthey run rate impact of 2023 acquisitions, which we already talked about. And as which Joey mentioned, have been very accretively financed with tthey forward equity we raised coming into tthey year as well as tthey $350 million term loan that we closed in July at a rate of 4.5%. Lastly, we have free cash flow, which is approaching $100 million annually that we can use eittheyr to pay down amounts outstanding on tthey line or reinvest those proceeds. And so those are tthey primary drivers of tthey 3% plus growth in AFFO per share next year. As Joey mentioned, that would be offset by growth in G&A of more than 5% as well as a conservative credit loss number. We've assumed in ttheyre 50 basis points. That compares to tthey credit loss that we realized ttheir year of 10 basis points so far through tthey first 9 months of tthey year. That's in line with tthey credit loss that we realized in 2022 of 10 basis points as well, but trends below our longer-term average of 25 basis points in terms of credit loss. And that's a fully loaded credit loss number. So we feel that 50 basis points is very conservative. Nathan Crossett Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just 1 on leverage. Like if you were to do acquisitions next year, like what's your tolerance to do, like lever up. Joel Agree Yes, we have effectively 100% availability under our $1 billion revolver excluding tthey accordion. We only have $350 million in bank debt. Tthey term loan market is open to us. Tthey 10-year unsecured market is open, but at unfavorable pricing. I said in tthey last call, we look at leverage theyre over a full cycle. And so piercing 5x has no problem. Ttheyre's no problem to us. We're sitting at 4.5x levered with significant liquidity and frankly, flexibility to execute on transactions that provide for tthey spreads that are necessary to drive AFFO growth. What we will not do, I think, is as important as what we will do is we will not get on to tthey treadmill, grow a denominator, invest capital at immaterial spreads or de minimis spreads. That's just not something that is -- that, frankly, is in our strategy or is in our wtheyelhouse. We're sitting theyre with a portfolio now approaching 70% investment grade, over 11.5% ground leases, no material debt maturities until 2028, no refinancing theyadwinds, we're not going to cause -- we're not going to create self-created -- self-caused problems theyre or self-inflicted wounds. We are going to be prudent and disciplined in turbulent times. We're going to watch ttheym play out and read and react accordingly. Operator Tthey next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Haendel St. Juste So Joey, I wanted to follow up on your comments about appropriate risk-adjusted spreads that you're looking to underwrite theyre in tthey current environment. I guess I'm curious what exactly does that mean? What's tthey minimum spread you're looking for today in light of your higtheyr cost of capital? And ttheyn perhaps dispositions. Will that maybe play a greater role near term in terms of tthey funding? Joel Agree Certainly, we'll look at dispositions. We have a high-quality portfolio that we can dispose into tthey 1031 market. I've talked about that theirtorically. It's not tthey most efficient or time effective, but we have dispositions that are a potential source for us if we so choose to go down that road. In terms of appropriate spreads, I'd tell you it's really across 3 external growth platforms, those deviate, right, because duration equals risk ttheyre. And ttheyn also qualitative aspects. But investing capital, sub 70, 75 basis points without a compelling underlying real estate case for tthey ability to mark to market doesn't make much sense. And frankly, doesn't move tthey AFFO or tthey earnings needle theyre unless you did such in massive quantities, which isn't appropriate in today's environment. Haendel St. Juste And a bit more maybe on tthey hurdle rates, tthey minimum spread that you'd be looking to invest in today? Joel Agree Will you repeat that Haendel, sorry? Haendel St. Juste A bit more color on tthey appropriate risk-adjusted spreads, maybe perhaps some color on how you're thinking about what level of spread versus your cost of capital that you would require today in tthey current environment? Joel Agree Yes. I think -- again, I think we will not be acquiring, I can say, fairly -- succinctly at ttheir time. We won't be acquiring certainly. That doesn't make sense given our -- given tthey cost of capital in tthey environment, I don't think ttheyre's a purchaser of sub-7 out ttheyre outside of a 1031 buyer. Second, if we look at our development in PCS platforms, we're going to be looking to -- depending on duration, scope of tthey project, 50 to 150 basis point spreads of wtheyre we could acquire or would acquire a like-kind asset in a 70-day period. Again, each transaction is specific. One thing I would note is we don't have to qualitatively improve ttheir portfolio. We're not going to degrade it, but again, reaching record investment-grade exposure theyre. Again, we aren't insinuating any shadow ratings in that number eittheyr. We don't have tthey qualitative aspects in terms of improving tthey portfolio sitting theyre wtheyre we are today. And so, tthey #1 driver for us is not sacrificing quality, but at tthey same time, driving spreads that are appropriate based upon tthey credit risk, underlying duration of tthey project or of tthey real estate. And ttheyn tthey long-term viability of that asset with tthey real estate fundamentals. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Bradley Heffern Joey, you mentioned that you expect cap rates to increase gradually. But if both cap rates and cost of capital stayed sticky at current levels, how would you treat capital deployment? Would it just be free cash flow that you would deploy? Or do you think that you would still have tthey ability to use debt or something like that to actually have acquisition activity beyond tthey free cash flow level? Joel Agree Well, I think that case is very -- I would tell you, after tthey rise we've seen in tthey 10-year, for cap rates not to continue to incrementally adjust again, it will take time. I think that is highly unlikely. Second, I think what you're referring to ttheyre is if ttheyy don't adjust and tthey 10-year stays in ttheir 4.8% to 5% range, what will we do? And I think, again, that reflects back wtheyttheyr we can uncover opportunities through all 3 platforms that will provide tthey appropriate spread. In tthey unlikely event or I'll tell you most likely impossible event, we're unable to find any opportunities across those 3 platforms that reflects back to tthey base case, which Peter just gave tthey walk on over -- again, over 3% AFFO growth frankly, delevering or leverage neutral, not investing any capital, not raising any capital, and I start taking golf lessons. Bradley Heffern Okay. Fair enough. And ttheyn if you do have a big decline in activity overall, wtheyre does tthey first dollar go? Is that largely development activity? Or is it a mix of development and acquisitions? Joel Agree I would assume it's a hybrid. Look, we're seeing all different types of activities. Our funnel has never been as wide as it is today. We're seeing all different types of opportunities across all 3 external growth platforms. And so it's really -- it's individual transactional specific theyre and tthey merits and considerations, again, wtheyn you get to development or DFP, wtheyn you get to those 2 points, you're really looking at tthey duration of those projects. And so we will be disciplined capital allocators and again, have tthey appropriate premium for duration risk, wtheyttheyr that be a 120-day retrofit of an existing building or 1.5-year true ground-up development. Operator Tthey next question comes from R.J. Milligan with Raymond James. Richard Milligan First, a quick question, just a slight impairment in tthey third quarter. I'm just curious what drove that $3 million impairment. Peter Cougtheynour Yes. Tthey impairment that was recorded during tthey quarter is related to one asset that we're targeting for disposition. Tthey tenant's lease is expiring, and ttheyy've opted not to renew that lease. Richard Milligan Any color as to what industry that tenant is in? Peter Cougtheynour Yes. Tthey tenant is in tthey grocery sector. Richard Milligan Okay. And Joey, just a follow up on tthey last quarter conference call, tthey stock was trading around $64 a share, you commented that ADC wouldn't be issuing equity at those levels. And I'm just curious, is that still a line in tthey sand? Or what would need to change for you guys to be willing -- what would need to change for you guys to be willing to issue equity at a price below that or at current levels? Joel Agree Cap rates would have to adjust and returns have to adjust. Again, ttheir is at tthey end of tthey day, we're going to focus on driving spreads theyre. And so we're not going to go off tthey risk curve. We're not interested in tthey entertainment -- family entertainment or childcare, car wash space, we're not going to enter into sale leasebacks with private equity-sponsored retailers, again that is -- I'll tell you, that's tthey firm line, that's tthey red line. Tthey line in tthey sand is if tthey wind shifts and cap rates move, which we anticipate ttheym to move, it's going to be incremental and take time. We'll look at what those appropriate spreads are, wtheyre our cost -- relative cost of capital are and we would invest capital at an accretive -- appropriately accretive basis, if that were tthey case. So again, raising capital at ttheyse types of yields, unless we're going significantly up tthey risk curve, which we won't do, doesn't provide for shareholder returns at tthey end of tthey day. Richard Milligan My last question, Joey, you're sort of tthey, I guess, second or third net lease REIT to report earnings thus far and give a little bit additional commentary on tthey transaction market. Just more broadly, sort of outside of ADC, how do you think tthey transaction volume will trend in tthey fourth quarter and as we get into next year? Joel Agree Undoubtedly, significantly down. Ttheyre's no question. Anybody who goes against tthey grain in terms of transaction volume or hit tthey pedal right now and slams that pedal down probably needs to rethink that position given tthey -- in light of tthey macro environment we're in and tthey rate environment that we're in. Operator Next question comes from Connor Siversky with Wells Fargo. Connor Siversky A couple of quick ones for Peter on tthey term loan. Could you just walk us through tthey math on tthey swap again? And ttheyn in tthey event that you were looking at tthey unsecured market instead of tthey term loan market, any sense what that rate would have looked like? Peter Cougtheynour Sure. So to hit on tthey $350 million term loan that we closed in July, that's an all-in rate, including tthey swaps that we entered into, fixed at roughly 4.5%. Those swaps were entered into in tthey mid-3s and ttheyn ttheyre's a spread on top of that, that gets us to tthey mid-4s. We also have an accordion option on that for $150 million on that term loan. We could exercise that accordion option today or look to a term loan of a different tenor with pricing likely in tthey mid-5s today, and we continue to have strong support from our bank group. And tthey $350 million term loan is tthey only bank debt that we have outstanding today. And so I think tthey bank debt market is certainly open for us today. In terms of a public unsecured issuance, 10-year issuance today for us would likely be in tthey high 6s. And obviously, ttheyre's been a significant move in rates since our last call, tthey 10-year is up about 80 basis points since early August. Connor Siversky Got it. And ttheyn maybe one for Joey. Late in tthey summer, ttheyre was some commentary out ttheyre that certain blue-chip retail operations were looking to expand ttheyir footprint. I'm just wondering in tthey context of rising rates since ttheyn, if those conversations have died out somewhat and maybe those retailers are reconsidering those expansion plans? Joel Agree Haven't seen any instance of retailers reconsidering ttheyir expansion plans. Tthey true challenge is tthey moat and method which ttheyy execute those expansion plans. And that continues to be, as you would anticipate, with tthey 10-year at 4.9% ttheir morning and SOFR wtheyre it is, and tthey curve wtheyre it is and frankly, tthey regional banks who are typically lending to merchant builders that continues to be tthey choke point. And so those conversations between us and retailers, tthey growing retailers or retailers that want to grow, continue. But I'll tell you, every day, ttheyy're getting a developer call ttheym and telling ttheym that ttheyy need to move up tthey return profiles because ttheyy can't make that theirtoric return work anymore. And so we're seeing a shift, albeit it's slow because of tthey gradual and fragmented nature of tthey space, but we're seeing a shift upwards. We'll continue to have dialogue with those retailers and see if we can come to a solution that makes sense for both parties. But I think we're only going to continue to see those trends continue. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Ki Bin Kim So tthey deals you closed on ttheir quarter at a 6.9% cap rate. Obviously, those deals were probably underwritten a couple of months ago at least. Wtheyn you look at tthey conversations you're having today, and I realize cap rates can take a while to change, but how much has it changed so far from that 6.9% to today? Joel Agree Well, I'll tell you that we anticipate printing north of a 7% in Q4. Again, volume is still up in tthey air. That will be at our election. Those conversations continue to move gradually, Ki Bin. Ttheir is -- ttheyse are one-on-one, one-off sellers and ttheyy are sellers that -- some are still hopeful for yesteryear. Hence, tthey challenge in moving cap rates in a quick and decisive manner. Ttheyre are those that need immediate liquidity. I anticipate tthey year-end closures now really rethinking ttheyir pricing or tthey closures, I should say, tthey owners that want to sell by year-end and have a closing by year end, rethinking ttheyir strategies. We still see a wide range of asking cap rates. It's truly amazing how many e-mail blasts we get that are still asking 4 handles in front of things with tthey 10-year at 4.9%. And so we'll continue to see that move upwards, you're right in terms of our Q3 transactions, again, average 70 days to close theyre. That's from a letter of intent execution to closing. And those transactions were prefunded with equity and debted honestly, frankly, at different cost structures and different pricing. So we're going to continue to see cap rates move up. We'll be patient. It's difficult or really frankly, impossible for us to tell you what pace ttheyy will move up. That's going to be dependent upon individual sellers plus tthey macro environment theyre. Ki Bin Kim And if you had to raise new bank debt, so not on tthey accordion feature, but just if you had to raise new bank debt, what would that rate be? Peter Cougtheynour Assuming that we enter into a swap to fix tthey rate on a term loan, wtheyttheyr that's exercising tthey accordion on tthey $350 million term loan in July or entering into a net new term loan, tthey cost today would be in tthey mid-5s. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Gorman from BTIG. Michael Gorman Joey, I'm just trying to triangulate, obviously, a lot of conversations about tthey acquisitions market and tthey capital markets. As we think about your strategy over tthey next 3 months, given what you're seeing in tthey marketplace today, how are you thinking about your ability to finance versus tthey pricing that is actually flowing through your deal pipeline, right? So we get to tthey end of tthey year, will we see tthey debt to EBITDA move up towards that 5x? Or are you seeing cap rates wtheyre you would also be comfortable issuing on tthey ATM if you can close enough volume? Joel Agree Again, it's really case-specific for us. I would anticipate that debt to EBITDA, we're sitting at 4.5x, to most likely migrate up nominally. But in terms of issuing capital on tthey ATM, again, if we saw something that was sizable, notable and it was, frankly, risk-adjusted appropriate that's possible. But I would tell you, I think most likely theyre, we exhibit patience and discipline. Michael Gorman Okay. And ttheyn maybe just on tthey on tthey retailer side of tthey buy box. Are you seeing anything in tthey underlying macro data or in tthey financing markets for your tenants that's shrinking tthey targeted retailers or leading you to kind of take some of ttheym off of your target list because of tthey current environment? Joel Agree Generally, no, we're always looking at tthey retailers within our "sandbox", evaluating ttheym, both in terms of exposure within our portfolio, but also how ttheyy're performing, inclusive of ttheyir balance ttheyyet and any challenges or refinancing theyadwinds ttheyy have ttheyre. We really aren't seeing any challenges. Again, we're starting with tthey biggest retailers in tthey world theyre generally that have large liquid balance ttheyyet and are primarily investment grade or if you ran ttheym through some risk calc, would spit out investment grade. Some of ttheym, frankly, have no debt. Tthey private or unrated retailers. So we're not seeing any of that flow through yet. If we see a material slowdown in consumers -- again, in tthey consumer behavior, I would tell you it would probably inure to tthey benefit of tthey retailers in our portfolio due to tthey trade-down effect. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Robert Stevenson Joey, it looks like you added a few CVSs in tthey quarter. What has you adding pharmacy given tthey issues and tthey store closures going on in that space? Joel Agree Well, tthey store closes are very specific theyre. I mean if you go through tthey major pharmacies Rite Aid, obviously, with tthey bankruptcy; Walgreens, which we've called out now for years and reduced to a de minimis piece of our portfolio, it used to be a top tenant for us, going through ttheyir challenges; CVS store closures are primarily stores that are high occupancy rates and, frankly, lease expiration. We're targeting and work jointly with our retail partners for a low basis assets. Those are low rents per square foot, high-performing stores, blend and extends and/or ground leases. At tthey same time, our pharmacy exposure now is fairly de minimis. I mean it's down to 4.4% in tthey aggregate, that's including tthey 3 Rite Aids, of tthey overall portfolio. Wtheyn you look at it relative to any peers, or most peers, I would tell you that's on tthey very low end. And so we've curated now a pharmacy portfolio, which we think has tthey cost structure to be successful in an omnichannel world and also but in a vertically integrated theyalth care world. And so we work closely with -- specifically with tthey tenants in tthey pharmacy space, and ttheyre's only 1 that we acquire, to identify high-performing stores and/or opportunities that are, frankly, very different than tthey $350,000 to $400,000 per year in rent prototypical suburban pharmacy with a competitor across tthey street. Robert Stevenson Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn given tthey commentary on asset pricing and given that you have ttheir grocery box that's soon to be vacated, how much demand is out ttheyre in tthey marketplace to sell vacant assets today? Who's buying those? I mean you've talked about tthey cap rate inflation on existing performing assets, for nonperforming assets and vacant assets. How is that market? Is that something that's gone south even faster? How should we be thinking about that? Joel Agree It's really case specific, Rob. If you have a fungible box -- tthey one asset that Peter referenced in tthey grocery space we took an impairment on was a small format, rural grocery store, acquired several years ago in tthey grocer's hometown, it was a very frankly, rare store closure for ttheym and has caused some uptheyaval in that -- frankly, in that community. But ttheyy had a second store in tthey community, which ttheyy thought was more viable on a go-forward basis. In terms of asset pricing for vacant box, it's really all over tthey board based upon what tthey -- obviously, with tthey demographics and transactional activity and really that micro submarket looks like, but also tthey fungibility of that box. And so tthey adaptive reuse of tthey box, which we always stress theyre is we wanted at tthey end of tthey day, if and wtheyn we were to have a vacancy, to have a fungible box that has a strong demand curve to it on tthey backside for uses. So if you have a large format vacant box today, and I'll say large format being anything over 40,000 feet, you're going to most likely have challenges. If it's a smaller box, again, in reference to our 3 Rite Aids, if we were to get those back, we're going to have significant demand. And so a lot of it is related to tthey adaptive reuse of tthey box. Redeveloping larger boxes, cutting ttheym up today with tthey cost challenges is very challenging. That's not something that we want to endeavor on. And so again, we're focused on those smaller assets that have tthey high-quality tenancy in place, but also tthey residual that we can get our arms around. Robert Stevenson And to be clear, tthey grocery box, you're looking to sell that? Or are you in tthey process of trying to re-tenant that? Joel Agree That will most likely be a disposition. Operator Next question comes from [indiscernible] with Baird. Unidentified Analyst Tthey first one is, does ADC specifically target investment-grade tenants? And what is tthey competition like for those deals right now relative to tthey beginning of tthey year? Joel Agree We've always said that's really an output. Our rating -- our investment-grade rating is really an output focusing on tthey 30 to 35 best retailers in tthey country. We have a number of retailers that we're actively targeting in or working with Hobby lobby, Publix, Alta in tthey portfolio today and in tthey future that don't carry -- Chick-fil-A being anottheyr one that we actively target and work with. So that's really an output for us. What was tthey second question? Unidentified Analyst It's on tthey competition for those investment-grade type... Joel Agree Very little today. At tthey price points we're competing at, it's with tthey rare 1031 or private buyer, which has slowed down dramatically. And so ttheyre's very little competition except sellers' expectations ttheymselves in ttheir environment. Unidentified Analyst Helpful. On tthey 2 development deals you guys signed ttheir quarter, was that in tthey later half of tthey quarter or closer to tthey beginning? Joel Agree Peter, do you have that off hand? Peter Cougtheynour I don't have tthey timing for those 2 specific projects off hand. No. Joel Agree Yes, we can get back to you, on tthey specific timing. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Ronald Kamdem Just two quick ones. So 1 on tthey pipeline. I think you talked about over 7 coming through. Just curious, does ttheir pipeline look any different from what it did early in tthey year, wtheyttheyr in terms of size or tenant mix? Just trying to figure out how that pipeline has shifted, if at all? Joel Agree Tenant mix is tthey same as you've seen throughout tthey year and will continue to be similar as we've executed in years past. Size, again, is really at our election, subject to wtheyre we think tthey appropriate risk-adjusted spreads are. So we have a number of assets that are currently -- under our properties that are currently under control. We'll make decisions. We're nonrefundable on purchase agreements, we have letters of intent executed given tthey rapid rise in tthey 10-year and tthey relative cost of capital, we'll make decisions in tthey upcoming weeks on wtheyttheyr or not we want to pursue those acquisitions to close or we want to be patient and remain disciplined capital allocators. Ronald Kamdem Great. And ttheyn on tthey ground leases acquired during tthey quarter as well as tthey portfolio. Maybe can you talk about are those cap rates behaving any differently from sort of tthey rest of tthey market? And what opportunities -- or how are you seeing opportunities shake out on tthey ground lease front? Joel Agree Really, really no differentiated behavior than tthey rest of tthey market. I'd tell you, right now, our Q4 pipeline has -- and that could change based upon tthey election of what we proceed with as well as what we source. Our Q4 pipeline has a material component of ground leases. But it's been pretty consistent throughout tthey year, call it, that 8 plus or minus percent, but no true differentiated trends that you can see ttheyre versus standard or typical net leases. Operator Tthey next question comes from Keith Tsai with Jefferies. Keith Tsai What percent of your deals have been sale leasebacks year-to-date? And would you expect that to grow as a percentage theyaded into next year? Joel Agree Keith. So ttheir year, approximately 25% of our transactions have been sale leaseback. That's in comparison to theirtoric couple of past years theyre, that was about 10%. We're always working with retailers on potential sale leaseback transactions. We did a couple of new -- worked with a couple of new retailers ttheir quarter on sale-leaseback transactions, most notably in tthey farm and rural supply space. We'll continue to evaluate that market. We're engaged in active dialogue. And again, it comes down to cap rate and risk-adjusted returns for us. Keith Tsai And ttheyn how do you think about tthey retailer environment right now? I think people thought you might have been in a recession by now, but clearly, that hasn't happened. And so do you feel better about tthey overall consumer environment now versus, say, a quarter ago? Joel Agree It's been a long 90 days. It's tough to remember a quarter ago. Look, I think we have talk of hard landings again. I think we're looking at a consumer that is really trifurcated and not bifurcated. I think we're seeing pressure on that consumer with multiple different data points. And so it's a unique -- ttheir is a unique and one-of-a-kind environment that we've never been through in theirtory. Ttheyre's -- I'm not going to pontificate or guess in tthey probability of a hard landing or soft landing or no landing at all. But I do think we're going to watch tthey consumer. But I think most importantly, again, ttheir is not a discretionary based portfolio. It's not an experiential-based portfolio. Ttheir is a portfolio that consists primarily of core brick-and-mortar goods and services with tthey largest retailers in tthey country. So if and wtheyn that consumer weakened significantly, I would expect tthey retailers, tthey largest retailers in tthey world that are contained within our portfolio, to outperform and take share. And that's been tthey consistent ttheyme that we've seen all year, even in tthey absence of a recession is ttheyse retailers that have tthey balance ttheyyets to invest in price, fulfillment strategies as well as labor are taking market share from smaller retailers today. And so those 3 strategies of investment are really taking hold. We see it in Walmart's prints, we see it in Home Depot's prints, we see it in Lowe's prints. We see it in all tthey larger retailers out ttheyre today are still successfully navigating ttheir environment to tthey most part. And so again, if we had an experiential or discretionary-based portfolio or a luxury-based portfolio, I would be concerned I think ultimately, if and wtheyn we do enter into a recession, tthey retailers in ttheir portfolio will benefit. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you or seeing you in tthey near future, and we appreciate everybody's time. Thanks again. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.