Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree – President and Chief Executive Officer Matt Partridge – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Collin Mings – Raymond James George Hoglund – Jefferies David Corak – FBR Capital Markets Rob Stevenson – Janney Jason Belctheyr – Wells Fargo Craig Kucera – Wunderlich Dan Donlan – Ladenburg Thalmann R.J. Milligan – Baird Michael Bilerman – Citi Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Corporation’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Matt Partridge, our Chief Financial Officer. 2016 was an exciting year for our company marked by strong execution of our operating strategy. Opportunistic investments, record capital markets activities and strategic portfolio management as a resulted and what we believe is a first in class portfolio and one of tthey strongest position balance ttheyyets in tthey net lease sector. Investment activity for tthey year inclusive of acquisitions, development in Partner Capital Solutions projects completed or currently under construction totaled a record $334 million. Investment activity in tthey fourth quarter including properties acquired or development in Partner Capital Solutions project delivered totaled $66.4 million across 26 high quality retail net lease properties. Of ttheyse 26 investments, 22 properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing total acquisition volume for tthey quarter of $61.6 million. Tthey properties were purchased at a weighted average cap rate of 7.8% with a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.5 years. Tthey acquired properties are located in 12 states in our net lease to 17 national and super-regional retailers. Tthey acquired properties are lease to retailers operating in 11 diverse e-commerce and recession resistant sectors including tthey auto service, discount apparel, crafts and novelties, grocery, specialty retail, theyalth and fitness and auto parts sectors. For tthey full year, we acquired 82 retail net lease properties for $295.8 million. Tthey 2016 acquisitions which include an $80 million portfolio acquired during tthey second quarter are located in tthey 27 states in our net lease to 49 industry leading retailers that operate across 22 diverse sectors. Ttheyse properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.8% with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.7 years. As we consistently note in tthey past, our investment ttheysis is grounded and bottoms up underwriting of retail real estate fundamentals and a top-down focus on e-commerce and recession resistant retail sectors. We combined our underwriting philosophy with concerted effort to partner with retailers, who are succeeding with a brick and mortar presence, that’s service of tthey foundation to ttheyir 21 century omni-channel strategy. Moving on to our development in Partner Capital Solutions platforms, wtheyre we continue to be tthey only REIT to specializes in retail and net lease development, we completed or commenced 14 exciting projects in 2016. Ttheyse projects represent capital deployed or in progress of approximately $38 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we completed and brought online four new projects, with aggregate costs of approximately $4.8 million. Tthey projects have a weighted average remaining lease term of 16.4 years. Ttheyse projects include tthey company’s first turnkey Starbucks development in Lakeland, Florida, and tthey company’s first Texas Roadhouse in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Also during tthey quarter, we successfully completed tthey third and fourth Burger Kings in our ongoing joint venture with Meridian Restaurants. Ttheyse projects located in Hamilton, Montana and West Fargo, North Dakota and project cost of approximately $1.5 million and $1.6 million respectively. Both properties are subject to a new 20 year net leases. For tthey full year, our development in Partner Capital Solutions platforms completed 10 projects for a number of industry leading retailers, including Chick-fil-A, Wawa, Hobby Lobby, Burger King, Texas Roadhouse and Starbucks. Ttheyse projects represented total invested capital of approximately $16.3 million and had a weighted average remaining lease term of roughly 17.2 years. In addition to our completed 2016 development in Partner Capital Solutions projects, we continue to make considerable progress on a number of ongoing developments. Subsequent to quarter end, construction was completed on tthey Company’s first Partner Capital Solutions project with Camping World in Tyler, Texas. Tthey project was finittheyyd on budget and atheyad of sctheydule. Total project costs were approximately $7.5 million. Also ongoing of tthey Company’s first ground-up development of a new Camping World in Georgetown, Kentucky. Camping World is under a new 20 year net lease to occupy tthey premises and total project costs are estimated to be $8.5 million. Rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of 2017. Additionally, tthey Company’s fifth Burger King in our venture with Meridian continues to progress on sctheydule in Heber, Utah. Rent is anticipated commence later ttheir quarter and total project costs for ttheir project are approximately $1.7 million. Construction also continues on tthey redevelopment of our former Off Broadway Shoes location in Boynton Beach, Florida. Orchard Supply Hardware with a guarantee from tthey Lowe’s companies an A- rated company by S&P. Previously executed a 15 year net lease and rent is expected to commence in tthey third quarter of 2017. We are very excited to add tthey second Orchard Supply Hardware to our growing portfolio. We continue to focus on expanding our relationships with retailers with tthey goal of being a full service value creator across ttheyir real estate operations. Similar to our acquisition Partner Capital Solutions and development effort to date with Meridian Restaurants in Camping World, we anticipate being a physician to make additional announcements later ttheir year. In addition to our net new activity via our three external growth platforms, our asset management team has been very active, consistently seeking to divest of lower tier assets and furttheyr diversify our portfolio. In 2016, we sold four Walgreens for aggregate growth proceeds of $29.7 million. Tthey weighted average cap rate of ttheyse 2016 dispositions was 5.6%. Similar to 2016, we previously provided guidance of $20 million to $50 million of dispositions activity for 2017. Our portfolio management activity has driven a significant reduction in our Walgreens concentration. In just tthey last 12 months, we’ve reduced our Walgreens exposure by 560 basis points to 11.6% down from 17.2% at tthey beginning of 2016. We are confident that our Walgreens exposure will continue to decrease as we opportunistically dispose of additional assets and as our portfolio continues to expand. And we have set a goal to reduce our overall exposure to Walgreens to under 10% by year-end. While we laid concerted effort to reduce our exposure to Walgreens, we’ve also made strategic investments to increase our exposure to a number of terrific retailers. Lowe’s, Mister Car Wash, Tractor Supply and Hobby Lobby are all now top ten tenants for us. Each of ttheyse companies maintained strong brick and mortar operations that have demonstrated resiliency to e-commerce and our industry leaders in ttheyir respected retail sectors. As our tenant diversification has continued to improve like wise as our sector diversification. Over tthey past 12 months, we’ve reduced our pharmacy exposure by over 700 basis points, from 23% at tthey end of 2015 to just over 16% at tthey end of 2016. We are simultaneously meet investment to tthey auto service, auto parts, grocery, specialty retail, home improvement, discount apparel, and a craft and novelty sectors to furttheyr diversify tthey portfolio. From a geographic perspective, our diversification has also markedly improved. Most notably, our Michigan exposure has been reduced by over 450 basis points in tthey past year. With Michigan representing just 15.4% of in place rents down from roughly 20% at ttheir time last year. Lastly, while we had expiring leases in tthey fourth quarter of 2016 and minimal lease roll over in 2017. Our asset management team as in proactive and addressing future lease maturities. I’m very pleased to report that over tthey past 60 days, we have executed new lease extensions on nine recently acquired properties lease to sector leading retailers extending tthey weighted average lease term of tthey property by approximately 8.4 years. Ttheyse extensions or a product of our strong relationships with retailers many of which originate for our development routes and a represented tthey value created in many of our acquisition efforts. As of December 31, 2016, our portfolio which remains 100% concentrated in retail now consists of 366 properties in 43 states. Our tenants are comprised almost exclusively of national and super-regional retailers, operating in more than 25 distinct retail sectors with 46% of annualized based rents coming from tenants with investment grade credit rating. Nearly 8% of our portfolio continues to be ground lease to industry leading retailers, approximately 90% of ttheir ground lease portfolio is investment grade, including Walmart, McDonalds, all tthey JP Morgan, Lowe’s, Chick-fil-A, and Wawa. Ttheyse properties are very unique. And as a company owned fee simple interest in tthey underlying property, while our retail partners spend ttheyir own capital to construct tthey improvements in building. With that, I’d like to thank our many royal shareholders for ttheyir continued support and I’ll turn it over to Matt to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. Matt? Matt Partridge Thanks, Joey. Good morning everyone. Before I began, let me quickly run through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations, or FFO, and adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As we announced in yesterday’s press release, total rental revenue, including percentage rents, for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 was $23.3 million, an increase of 37.3% over tthey fourth quarter of 2015. For tthey full year ended December 31, 2016, rental revenue of $84.2 million represented an increase of 30.7% over tthey full year 2015. Tthey company strategic growth continues to drive down corporate operating leverage as we realize greater operating efficiencies to increase scale. G&A expenses were approximately 8.8% of total revenue for tthey year, which is year-over-year decrease of 120 basis points as compared to 10% in 2015, and a three year decrease of nearly 500 basis points wtheyn compared to 13.7% in 2013. Funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $16.6 million, representing an increase of 40.9% over tthey comparable period of 2015. FFO for tthey full year 2016 increased 34.3% to $59.2 million as compared to tthey full year 2015. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $0.64 per share, a 6.3% increase as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2015. FFO per share for tthey full year 2016 was $2.54 per share an increase of 6.1% as compared to tthey full year 2015. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey fourth quarter was $16.2 million, representing an increase of 39.6% over tthey comparable period of 2015. AFFO for tthey full year 2016 increased 33.2% to $58.4 million as compared to tthey full year 2015. On a per share base, AFFO increase to $0.63 per share, a 5.3% increase as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2015. AFFO per share for tthey full year 2016 was $2.51 per share an increase to 5.2% as compared to tthey full year 2015. Now turning to our capital markets activities were in October, we completed a follow-on offering of 2,087,500 shares of common stock, which included tthey underwriters’ full exercise and ttheyir option to purchase additional shares. After deducting tthey underwriting discount and offering expenses, total net proceeds from tthey common equity offering were approximately $95 million. Ttheir is in addition to tthey issuance of 183,602 shares of common stock throughout tthey market equity program, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $8.8 million. On December 15, we closed on a new amend and restated senior unsecured credit facility, upsides in a total facility side to $350 million with an accordion option of tthey $500 million. Tthey new facility is now comprised of $250 million unsecured revolving credit facility and $100 million of existing unsecured term loan. We extended tthey maturity date of tthey unsecured revolving credit facility of 2021 and extended tthey maturity date on tthey unsecured term loans of 2024 and also reduce tthey overall interest cost of our revolver. During 2016, tthey company raised $228 million in equity capital to tthey two previously mentioned follow-on offerings and our asset to market equity program allowing us to operate a theirtorically low leverage levels. Also within tthey year, we amended or modified or originated nearly $500 million of debt capital through a number of strategic transactions in tthey bank debt and private placement markets. Looking at our balance ttheyyet, we continue to maintain one of tthey most conservative credit profiles in tthey industry. As of December 31, 2016, total debt to enterprise value was approximately 24.9% and net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5 times, well below tthey low end of our stated leverage range of five to six times. Our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, was robust 3.9 times. Ttheyse metrics combined with an undrawn $250 million revolving credit facility indicates significant liquidity for future growth. And finally, on January 3, tthey company paid a dividend of $0.495 per share to stockholders of record on December 23, 2016, which represents tthey 6.5% increase over tthey $0.465 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey company has paid 91 consecutive cash dividend since its IPO in 1994. Our payout ratios for tthey quarter were 77% of FFO and 79% of AFFO, both of which were elevated quarter-over-quarter because of tthey increased share count from tthey October equity raise that’s still remain in tthey lower half of tthey company’s targeted ranges and reflected very well covered dividend. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey? Joey Agree Thank you, Matt. 2016 represented anottheyr record year for our company. We enter 2017 with a fortified balance ttheyyet in a focus and determination to build upon a fantastic year. At ttheir time, we’ll open it up for question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Thank you. Good morning every one. Joey Agree Good morning. Ki Bin Kim Good morning. So can you just talk a little more about what you’re actually buying, what’s you actually bought during tthey quarter in terms of like location, asset quality, tenant mix, so you had better understanding of it. Joey Agree Sure. So just a little cover – a little color on our fourth quarter acquisitions. We acquired a number of O’Reilly’s continue to invest in tthey auto parts sector. We’re big fan of O’Reilly business, we acquired a tire kingdom. Our first ever T.J. Maxx we acquired from an acquisition perspective in Aurora, Colorado. Michaels, Party City, Stheyrwin-Williams, PPG Paints, so we were really – again just continuation of tthey focus on recession resistant e-commerce, retailers really diversified throughout geographically throughout tthey country. That give you some color Ki Bin. Ki Bin Kim Yes, and given your – given that your average lease durations about 10 years. And if you always going every year, you’re fighting that battle to keep that number steady. Are ttheyse types of retailers – ttheyre’s a typical lease just 10 years, is that why wtheyn you sign ttheyse deals, it’s hard if you get 15 year deals. Joey Agree So retailers vary with base terms across tthey board. Your typical O’Reilly transaction or auto zone transaction will be 20 year base term. A T.J. Maxx or Michaels, Party City, junior boxes will typically be 10 year base terms. We don’t look at tthey weighted average lease term honestly as tthey battle for us. We’re focused on tthey underlying real estate. We’re focused on retenanting and residual, marking in market rents. So what we’re cognizant of our weighted average lease term. We don’t necessarily view it as a battle. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And such anottheyr last thing you mentioned about lease spreads. Any thoughts on maybe reporting that spread going forward. And maybe any commentary on tthey lease spreads you achieved in 2016 and what you expect in 2017? I don’t know how much you acquiring, but… Joey Agree That’s really tthey challenge, I mean we’re really talking about having four remaining leases in 2017, with your theirtoric legacy leases are only maturity in 2016 at least renewal, which was significant was tthey Off Broadway Shoes in Boynton Beach, Florida, which we are currently expanding and re-developing for Lowe’s, Orchard Supply Hardware. So tthey lease renewals to date inclusive of 2017 wtheyre we have really four weeks renewals in a couple billboards located on those properties are de minimis. We’re already making significant progress on 2017 to 2018 and as you theyard in tthey prepared remarks going forward in tthey future. But it – as that number becomes more material given renewals and spreads that something that will definitely consider. Ki Bin Kim Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Ki Bin. Operator Tthey next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Matt. Joey Agree Good morning, Collin. Matt Partridge Good morning, Collin. How you doing? Collin Mings Good. First question on me, just if you guys update us on tthey acquisition pipeline theyre entering 2017 and if you could see any change as for as asset pricing on tthey types of deal as you’re looking at. Joey Agree So our acquisition pipeline remains strong. I’ll tell you that our pipeline across all three platform has some exciting and some unique opportunities, as we look forward to talking about those in future quarters ttheir year. In terms of pricing we’re doing everything, we can to move pricing. I think cap rates, obviously, haven’t budged too much, I think you’ve theyard from tthey predecessors and our peers on ttheyir calls. But we’re opportunistic. We like being tthey call of last resort, we like being tthey first call. We don’t like being tthey second through fourth call. So we’re working through our relationships we’re working on a number of opportunities wtheyre we think we can drive theirtorically out of market cap rates or rates of return. And so we’ll see how cap rates trend really through 2017. But we haven’t seen any movement yet. Collin Mings Okay, from a modeling purposes, we should still think about something in tthey high sevens may be low eight for acquisitions theyre and 2017. Joey Agree Yes, I think will be in line with tthey course of tthey year with our theirtoric acquisition opportunities. That said look tthey 10 year and tthey change in tthey10 year could drive cap rates incrementally higtheyr through tthey year. Ttheyy’re obviously – we believe ttheyre should be a correlation and we’re going to fight as hard as we can to push for it. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn as far as just again time from a modeling perspective, as we think about tthey $20 million to $50 million as far as dispositions and guidance ttheir year. Should we look at kind of mid five cap rate or exact maybe move up a little bit growth just to 2016? Joey Agree I think from a modeling perspective going forward into 2017, we’re thinking between 5.5 and 6.5 is probably a good range. We’re going to be focus on similar disposition type activity that we were in 2016 and maybe making some opportunistic disposition on lower tier or lower quality assets in 2017 as well. We’ve obviously gone through tthey portfolio at targeted those assets for disposition, but we also feel tthey opportunistic – inbound opportunistic calls on dispositions as well. Collin Mings Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just as you think about tthey outlook for 2017 just an updated as far as your expectations for G&A. And ttheyn just along those lines touctheyd on what if any changes ttheyre have been to infinitive structures ttheir year as relates to tthey 8-K that you guys filed last week. Matt Partridge Yes, Collin from a run rate G&A perspective, we’ve obliviously make good theyadway and reducing operating leverage as I noted in tthey call. I think you can expect it to be plus or not minus $9 million for tthey year. We implemented a new incentive program for executive compensation over tthey past couple of weeks, which we think is a positive. And so, that will – that based on how we perform throughout tthey year. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn just one last one for me, Joey, I just curious your thoughts on restaurant brands international acquisition of Popeyes due to tthey relationship of QSR space and ttheyn your relationship with Meridian. Joey Agree Yes. 3G RBI is parent is a very well regarded sponsor. We’ve been down – a lot of time down in Miami specifically of Burger King’s theyadquarters, tthey work that ttheyy’ve done ttheyre is very impressive. We spent a less amount of time with Tim Hortons both from a corporate and a franctheire perspective. I think ttheyy bring a very unique a dynamic approach, obviously, much has been written about 3G and how – and ttheyir corporate underlying corporate philosophies. Ttheyy are operationally excellent. Obviously we don’t have any Popeyes in our portfolio today. But it could be an opportunity for us in tthey future nothing that were working on currently, obviously that’s brand new. In terms of our relationship with Meridian, our relationship with Meridian is great. Meridian is a fantastic operator of Burger Kings. We are excited for ttheyse new stores that we’ve worked hand-in-hand with Meridian to get open and to get performance under ttheyir both. Ttheyse are obviously new prototype Burger Kings. We’re also working with ottheyr franctheirees on similar as well as dissimilar programs. So again, our focus is leveraging our all three of our capabilities, acquisition, development and Partner Capital Solutions. Identifying tthey best franctheirees and really – reading flat and ttheyn working with ttheym and creating value through our business while ttheyy operate hopefully successful stores for year to come. Collin Mings Thanks for tthey color guys. Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you, Collin. Operator Next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. George Hoglund Hey good morning, guys. Joey Agree Good morning, George. George Hoglund So two questions, I guess one, in terms of tthey development in Partner Capital Solutions ttheyre weren’t any starts in 4Q. Just wondering how tthey pipeline looks for that? Joey Agree Well I wouldn’t read into any starts in Q4, traditionally winter weattheyr isn’t tthey greatest time to start a development project just because of frost on tthey ground and applicable frost. I wouldn’t look into Q4 start simply, those will tick down. Our pipeline looks good. I am more excited about our shadow pipeline and Laith Hermiz, and Craig Willian, our COO and VP of Development respectively are working hard to continue building our pipeline, both existing tenants, as well as growing our pipeline with new and exciting tenants. So as I talked about in tthey prepared remarks again, leveraging our capabilities we think that ttheyre are some opportunities from a relationship perspective we know ttheyre are opportunities that we are working on today that we hope to be talked about it more specifics in tthey near future, wtheyre you’ll see again that dual approach potentially out of sale lease back basis or theirtoric sale lease back partner getting new and exciting projects on tthey ground and expanding those relationships. George Hoglund Okay thanks. And ttheyn on tthey nine lease extensions on tthey recently acquired properties, any color you can provide on eittheyr tthey new rental rate terms or tthey impact on yields? Joey Agree Yes. Ttheir is again an exciting opportunity for us. Those are all newly acquired properties, traditional blend and extends, which we’ve referenced theirtorically tthey ability to recast 5.5 year leases out to 15 years fully new leases with tthey leading operator in tthey farm and rural supply. I think everybody see in that tenant jump up in our tenant roster. We’ve also done tthey same with tthey leading operator in tthey discount apparel space, which we are very excited about. So again tthey value creation leveraging our relationships with ttheyse retailers some of ttheym which go back 10 years and 20 years some of ttheym which are new, our teams done really a fantastic job identifying opportunities and ttheyn creating value. So again, we are not a financier in tthey net lease space, RMO or DNA is to create value across all three platforms and ttheir is really a window into what we were able to accomplish theyre. Tthey concessions I think you asked about in terms of gradine concessions were minimal really none. Ttheyse are high performing stores some of which were targeted by a retail partners for us to acquire ottheyrs which were opportunities we brought to that specific retailer and ttheyy were amendable to staying long-term. Joey Agree Okay thanks, Joey. Operator Next question comes from David Corak with FBR Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Corak Hey good morning guys. How are you? Joey Agree Good morning, David. David Corak So most of my questions have been answered already, but just going back to tthey development pipeline, you’ve touctheyd on ttheir a little bit, but it seems like you’ve started off some of your relationships a lot of your relationships with your development partners with sale leaseback transactions and ttheyn you end up leveraging those in tthey development PCS kind of deals. Do you think ttheyre is an opportunity to take on that kind of similar route with recently added retailers or some of your existing tenants? And ttheyn in terms of yields, how those shaped up over tthey year and newer deals, I mean what kind of yields are you thinking about? Joey Agree Sure. So tthey short answer is, yes. Ttheyre are existing tenants, which we’ve eittheyr acquired on a leaseback on third party basis, which we are actively working on in our pipeline to put shovels in tthey ground, nothing to disclose as of to date. Yields for us have remained consistent on tthey development front with our theirtorical yields. And so again, I hate to sound repetitive, but really leveraging one platform to create value with tthey ottheyr platform showing retailers a full service value solution that frankly nobody else in our space can present to ttheym. We are not just an acquirer. We are a developer and we could also finance opportunities. So we’ve seen tthey Camping World relationship come to fruition with tthey Partner Capital Solutions and a development project currently in tthey ground in Georgetown, Kentucky. Everyone seen what we have done with Meridian and tthey sale leaseback at tthey end of 2014. And now are exciting platform with ttheym, which continues to grow. So we think ttheyre are opportunities with those tenants we’re actively working on and ttheyn we hope to be able to talk about ttheym in tthey quarters to come. David Corak Great I appreciate tthey color guys. Joey Agree Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Hi, Good morning, guys. Joey, how should we be thinking about tthey Walgreens exposure and tthey potential for dispositions going forward? I mean, depending on how much you buy at what cap rates in 2017. You could legitimately be below 10% or so, especially if you wind up selling one or two locations. I mean, wtheyn you take a look at tthey portfolio today, I mean, how many of those left Walgreens in tthey portfolio, would you really want to sell it’s sort of market prices and sort of how are you thinking strategically about that as you go to lower that overtime? Matt Partridge Yes it’s a good question, Rob. I think tthey 10% number for us and that is pro forma for tthey Rite Aid acquisition at year end 2017. That is our target. We plan to execute to that target and will be both inclusive of dispositions and we’ve identified stores that are disposition candidates and our active in terms of that pipeline. Again predicting dispositions and timing and realization of those transactions become difficult, because we are typically selling those into tthey 1031 market. Tthey appetite for those assets is robust. We will take advantage to both improve our Walgreens, as well as our sector diversification but also our geographic diversification and I think everybody theyre is a line to continue to execute similar to 2016. We’ve reduced – noted in tthey prepared remarks, we have reduced our Walgreens concentration or pharmacy concentration in our Michigan concentration markedly in 2016, our asset management team did a fantastic job ttheyre. And we expect tthey same results in 2017. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn if I take a look at your retail sectors today, I mean, obviously pharmacy is tthey biggest, but it’s likely to come down over tthey next couple of years. Wtheyn you look out, yield tthey board lookout a couple of years. What are tthey retail sector – in terms of percentage of annualized base rent going forward offset what pharmacy comes down and ttheyn anything else that winds up being diluted. So what are tthey big gainers, you think strategically over tthey next two to three years for tthey portfolio. Matt Partridge So Rob, we missed – you went out on us in tthey middle of that call I assume tthey question was on a forward-looking basis what do we intend to do in terms of sector diversification in those targets. Is that correct? Rob Stevenson Well, if you take a look at your retail sectors today, what if we look out two or three years what has tthey biggest gain from what percentage ttheyy are annualized base rent today. In ottheyr words wtheyn you yield in tthey board lookout strategically over tthey next couple of years. What are tthey areas wtheyre you are likely to deploy tthey most capital going forward and wtheyttheyr, able to offset tthey decline in tthey exposure to pharmacy and maybe a couple of ottheyr sectors? Matt Partridge So, if you look at what we’ve done theirtorically I think, you again we started with that e-commerce resistance mindset – in tthey recession resistant mindset, if you look at a theirtorical transaction activity and tthey trends. I think those are tthey best indicator of future performance for us. So obviously you mentioned tthey reduction in pharmacy that will continue to come. In terms of sectors, which we are focused on and have been focused on, grocery, auto service, theyalth and fitness, home improvement, craft and novelties, farm and rural supply, we’ve talked about that. Convenience store, auto parts, discount stores, home furnishings, entertainment retail, ttheyse are sectors that we feel confident and ttheyn we target tthey premier operators in those sectors across all three assets of our business. But I would tell you that are past performance again is tthey best indicator what we’re going to do in tthey future. We talked about. We give some color on tthey acquisition activity right ttheyre in Q4, those tenants in those sectors. We’re going to continue that trend and we firmly believe that we have – that we are on tthey right path and now we’ve got to execute to it. Rob Stevenson Okay but if you think about tthey grocery stores or quick service restaurants at about 7%. I mean does that feel about right to you going forward. So that tthey exposure increases tthey overall enterprise increases or grocery stores or quick service restaurants going to 9% or 10%, does that bottheyr you – from a diversification standpoint? Matt Partridge That doesn’t bottheyr me from a sector diversification. Tthey key is tthey operators that we are tries to. I think if you look at our grocery exposure today, it dominated by industry leaders and deep discount grocery space. And that’s really been our focus. So those are cash and carries, which are smart and finals [indiscernible] general market, Giant Eagle, HEB in Texas. Those are really Walmart neighborhood market, I mean, before – wtheyre we have a ground lease to Walmart. We are really focused on tthey industry leaders. We are not interested in second or third tier small regional operators were challenged in theirtorically 2% business of groceries. So while we don’t have a problem increasing exposure specific to those two type – those two sectors that you identified. Tthey key for us is really wtheyre that exposure lays in terms of tenant quality. Rob Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks Rob. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jason Belctheyr with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Jason Belctheyr Good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning. Matt Partridge Good morning. Jason Belctheyr Sorry, if I missed ttheir earlier but what was tthey range of cap rates across tthey 22 properties you acquired in Q4? Joey Agree Tthey range really stems across tthey board for us. I think we don’t report on an individual asset basis, but our theirtorical targets are in tthey mid to upper 7 on a cash basis and ttheyn kind of fall within tthey yields theirtorically yields book to tthey quarter as well as tthey year. Jason Belctheyr Okay. And ttheyn from tthey dispositions front, how about tthey average remaining lease term on tthey Walgreens you sold and really just trying to get an idea for how liquid tthey Walgreens really is in tthey disposition net lease market [indiscernible] two to three years remaining on tthey lease pretty easily. Or can you give some color ttheyre? Joey Agree Yes, sure. So Walgreens dispositions are typically driven by tthey 1031 market. Short-term Walgreens are difficult to finance for 1031 purchasers unless ttheyy are strong store sales or extremely underlying real estate. All tthey Walgreens that we disposed, we developed essentially in tthey mid-2000 typically those are to 20 or 25 year base terms. So you are looking at mid-teens typical on average anywtheyre between 13 and 16 years typically. Jason Belctheyr Great, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Jason. Operator Tthey next question comes from Craig Kucera with Wunderlich. Please go atheyad. Craig Kucera Hey good morning guys. Matt Matt Partridge Good morning. Craig Kucera I wanted to start with a question for you. You guys have clearly worked your leverage down considerably, ttheir year and are below your range. As you think forward are you still thinking five or six times make sense or do you think that ceiling has maybe dropped to maybe mid five or has anything changed in that regard from a philosophies perspective? Matt Partridge No for us five to six times we think is tthey ideal leverage range. We equitize tthey balance ttheyyet going into tthey year, specifically because we saw risk on tthey horizon and we wanted to mitigate that risk. So today we don’t need to tap tthey equity market at all to execute on our business plan and stay within that five to six times. Joey Agree And Craig let me add that we will opportunistically access tthey capital markets. We are not overly focused to be honest, on quarterly results. Our goal is to put ttheir Company in a position with a fortified balance ttheyyet on a go forward basis, minimize risk, drive per share growth and put tthey Company in a position to continue to execute on our operating strategy with tthey medium-term goal that we’ve laid out on previous calls. It was an opportunistic transaction in Q4 to hit tthey equity markets and it put us in tthey position in 2017 to execute on our strategy without having to go back to tthey equity markets and with tthey risk that we see, tthey macro risk as well as tthey global risk that we see out ttheyre today, we think it was a good decision to make. Craig Kucera Got it. And thinking about that in tthey past you guys have run up your credit line and ttheyn gone in and turned out some debt. How should we think about ttheir year, and what kind of quotes are you guys adtheyring today on and may be some longer-term debt? Joey Agree From a 30,000 foot perspective on our balance ttheyyet, we will always – like most recent our peers utilize our newly expand credit facility for working capital across all three of our platforms. And ttheyn opportunistically tap tthey permanent debt typically on an unsecured long-term basis and tthey equity markets to find tthey right balance. I think that is tthey typical of any net lease REIT and most REITs in ttheir space. So we have efficient access to all four quadrants of capital today given tthey size of tthey enterprise. And we will opportunistically execute and tap those markets to put ourselves in a position on a go forward basis. Anything you want to add ttheyre Matt. Matt Partridge Yeah Craig I would just say wtheyn you’re thinking about it from a modeling standpoint, I think tthey past couple of years tthey way tthey Company has executed is a fair approach to assume for how we’re going to execute going forward into 2017, which is exactly what Joey described. Craig Kucera Got it. One last one from me. You know tthey sports in sort of hunting and fishing category put under pressure, can you comment on your thoughts on Academy and kind of your growth in that segment. Is set still a segment that you want to grow or are you happy kind of wtheyre you are today? Joey Agree We have three Academy Sports in our portfolio today. Those were all long-term acquisitions, were Partner Capital Solutions projects that we transacted on theirtorically, obviously everyone is aware with of tthey reported challenges of Gander most recently a regional operator MC Sports filed for bankruptcy. I personally believe and we have anecdotal as well as direct evidence to support, tthey real challenges today in tthey overall sporting goods industry is in a lot of tthey apparel that ttheyy are selling as well. If you walk into a number of retailers today inclusive of Dick’s Sporting Goods you look to tthey left and you see an Under Armour section, you look to tthey right and you see a Nike section. Obviously tthey Under Armour is trying to reposition ttheyir branding strategy today Kevin Plank’s recent comments. You can buy Under Armour, you can buy Nike Direct in a Nike Store and you can buy it online, you can buy it at JCPenney, you can buy it at Kohl’s or T.J. Maxx. I think that’s tthey true challenge. We particularly like Academy Sports and were extremely fond of ttheyir business. One because ttheyy are a regional sporting good operator and we believe it’s much easier to merchandise a regional from a regional perspective. Tthey sporting goods that people buy in California versus Texas and Michigan are vastly divergent. Ttheyy are very well respected within ttheir space by both ttheyir peers as well as those that cover tthey Company from a merchandising approach. I’ll tell you, we are not overly focused on tthey sporting good industry, you haven’t seen us add a sporting good operator really I think in about 24 months. That said if we find unique opportunities to add value at outsized returns and we like tthey underlying real estate, but we are by no means redlining. But I’ll tell you it is not a focus and I didn’t list it earlier in tthey sector that we are focused on a go forward basis. Craig Kucera Thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Craig. Operator Tthey next question comes from Dan Donlan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Dan Donlan Thank you, and good morning. Joey Agree Good morning. Dan Donlan So I just wanted to talk about your focus on internet resistant retailers. Just curious if you have any concern about Amazon entering tthey aftermarket auto parts space, you said you do like that space but just curious if you have any concern ttheyre and what’s your thought processes on ttheym. Joey Agree Sure, ttheyre was a recent paper, you may have read a white paper on Amazon relative to AutoZone, O’Reilly as well as Advance Auto Parts, price comparisons across tthey merchandising assortment. I think ttheyre is a lot of speculation and justified speculation on Amazon’s infringement into basically every retail sector today. Ttheyy continue to disrupt and continue to innovate and I think anybody who is not – is wholly focused on only ttheyir defensive core from a retail perspective and that isn’t out ttheyre executing from offensive capabilities could be challenged by Amazon. We look at tthey auto-parts space, it’s really driven by two consumers, that’s tthey do-it-yourself customer as well as tthey commercial sales to traditional dealerships, body shops et cetera. We are very fond about AutoZone, as well as O’Reilly to a lesser degree Advance Auto Parts as ttheyy turnaround ttheyir business. Ttheyse are well-regarded companies with very strong balance ttheyyets loyal customers. And we continue to believe that ttheyre are shipping constraints both from a cost perspective but as well as a timing perspective for your do-it-yourself customer as well as commercial customers. And if you look forward with all tthey opportunities in tthey retail landscape I think auto parts probably won’t be Amazon’s number 1 priority. So ttheyre is something to tthey experience of walking into a brick-and-mortar store and talking to somebody, talking to a salesperson that is both knowledgeable and can walk you through tthey selection of merchandise and ttheyn to really have your hands on go specific auto parts on a timely basis. So we aren’t overly concerned. We think ttheyre is an experience to walking into an auto store, wtheyre auto parts store we’re focused on retailers that provide for that experience and we think it fits with our 30,000 foot perspective. Dan Donlan Okay. And just sticking with Amazon ttheyy have also announced that fully into groceries widely talked about. Do you see that as a potential candidate for your built to suit pipeline stuff, your joint capital solutions program, just kind of curious if you’ve had any discussions ttheyre? Joey Agree Yes. It’s a great question I think Amazon’s disruption in tthey grocery space is a larger priority for ttheym and is also a bigger concern for tthey overall sector. Amazon is currently testing and/or about to test a couple of freestanding grocery stores with approximately 15,000 square feet out ttheyre in tthey public realm today. We think that is a real threat to typically urban grocery. And our focus on deep discount grocery to traditionally is more suburban grocery. We would love Amazon. if anyone from Amazon is listening we would love to and we’d engage but we would love to be a part of that and we see tthey ability for net lease to continue to be an opportunistic vehicle for e-commerce, traditional e-commerce retailers to open freestanding stores. And just to touch on that quickly, we firmly believe that net lease is a important future in an omnichannel retail environment. Net lease allows for pickup windows. Net lease allows for quick delivery and access for commercial trucks. And if you’re going to have delivery in access of most retailers need with loading docks and if you are going to have a pickup window, which retailers are very focused inclusive of Amazon, Walmart and a number of ottheyr major national retailers you effectively need three sides of tthey building exposed. You can’t be inline in a shopping centre, enclosed in a mall, a net lease format allows for visibility, access, signage, pick up, delivery, parking, and all tthey fundamental real estate attributes that are required for an omnichannel retail strategy in tthey 21st century. And so we think net leases in tthey wtheyel house for tthey future of retail and we are excited about tthey opportunities that we are aware of today and tthey opportunities that could be presented in tthey future. Dan Donlan Okay I appreciate tthey thoughts. And ttheyn on tthey development pipeline could we possibly see some projects slip into tthey fourth quarter of 2017 or is it just – are we too far gone at ttheir point in time of linked time of developments? Joey Agree Wtheyn you ask about slipping into tthey fourth quarter, it’s about unannounced projects – Dan Donlan Could we see, tthey last project you have, been delivered in tthey third quarter of 2017, I’m curious as it move out to tthey first quarter of 2017 could we still see some developments sneak into tthey fourth quarter of 2017 or is it kind of tthey lead time in terms of your development just not allow that to happen in that short period of window? Joey Agree Well I think we have plenty of time throughout tthey course of 2017 to announce new projects over tthey second, third and fourth quarters. Are you focused on rent commencements or construction’s? Dan Donlan I was just saying, do you have enough time to still deliver stuff you haven’t announced anything being delivered for tthey fourth quarter but do you still have enough time to announce something that would be delivered in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 or is everything going to outfall into kind of 2018 that is my question? Joey Agree Yeah my apologies. Our traditional approach has been to not announce a project until it is effectively shovel-ready and what we’ve commenced and mobilized our general contractors commenced and mobilized on site. We’ve got a number of projects that we will hopefully announce yet ttheir year that would be delivered before or during tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Dan Donlan Okay. That is theylpful. And ttheyn just last one for Matt, given your need for cash ttheir year, you talked about using debt, do you think you can stay within your five to six net debt to EBITDA parameters and not have to issue any equity ttheir year given what your needs are in tthey development side and acquisitions? Matt Partridge Yes. I think as I said earlier tthey five to six time leverage rates that we want to operate in, we can operate within that range executing on our business strategy for tthey year without having to raise any more equity. But as Joey said we’ll always be opportunity with capital markets activity and we will look to execute throughout tthey year. Dan Donlan Okay. Thank you. Matt Partridge Thanks Dan. Operator Tthey next question comes from R.J. Milligan with Baird. Please go atheyad. R.J. Milligan Hey guys. Do you guys, obviously have one of tthey higtheyst percentages of investment-grade tenants within tthey net lease space with tthey reduction of Walgreens as we look into next year how much do you expect that percentage to decline and how important is that to you in terms of credit versus as you look to under write real estate. Joey Agree Good morning, RJ. We look at tenant credit and we’re cognizant of tenant credit we have theirtorically had a very high percentage of investment-grade credit obviously in tthey portfolio. Disposing of Walgreens is obviously if we redeploy into an unrated or some investment-grade retailers ttheyn that negative, that said tthey Walgreens acquisition of Rite Aid will be in that positive, we’ve talked about it on prior calls credit or investment, obtaining an investment-grade credit ratings by no means is to be all and all, I mean, Hobby Lobby is tthey ninth largest tenant in our portfolio. It is a huge company privately theyld with zero debt. Tractor Supply again is an unrated top operator in tthey farm and rural supply category for us. 2.3% of rents at 2016 doesn’t have a credit rating because ttheyy effectively have no debt except some short-term obligations but is a fantastic aberration. So we are cognizant of credit. We are cognizant of lease term as we discussed, but at tthey same time we aren’t going to allow 3,000 foot metrics to drive our fundamental real estate decisions across all three platforms. Matt Partridge RJ I would also add that wtheyn you look at tthey shift within tthey portfolio and tthey IG credit amount coming down, that’s being shifted into non-rated credit. It is not being shifted into some investment grade so to Joey’s point about Hobby Lobby and Tractor Supply we are making discrete investments in tthey companies that are choosing not to have a rating. R.J. Milligan Right Matt Partridge Hobby Lobby and Tractor Supply everybody can see our tenants its approaching 5% aggregate between tthey two. If you add that to our investment-grade exposure you are effectively wtheyre we were in 2015 or 2014 and ttheyn if you truly layer in our ground lease portfolio, which I would tell you is a margin of safety beyond just an investment-grade credit rating, plus tthey portfolio is 100% retail ttheyre is no office, ttheyre is no industrial, or ottheyr exposure, we are confident that ttheir is a best-in-class portfolio, anyway you look at it. R.J. Milligan Okay. Thanks and ttheyn as you think about may be over tthey past few quarters as you look at underwriting, recession resistant, and e-commerce resistant categories or retailers, are ttheyre any specific categories or deals that you can think of over tthey past couple of quarters that you guys have passed on and may be tthey price was right, but given that underwriting standard if anything what you guys have passed on? Joey Agree We have some things on a weekly basis. Our investment committee meets twice a week. We pass on a lot more than we acquire by. Our acquisition team will be tthey first to remind us of that. Tthey number of transactions that we have passed on and typically tthey driver everyone theyre is very cognizant of our approach to value accretion and yield. But tthey driver of – a number of those opportunities that we passed upon, I don’t want to call out any retailers out theyre today, but tthey drivers, ttheyy don’t fit our 30,000 foot approach to e-commerce and recession resistance. Everybody theyre is focused on high quality real estates. I’ll tell you also but that perspective continues to change. By no means are we fix, we continue to learn more and I think tthey marketplace continues to learn more. Tthey equity markets in terms of retailers are forward-looking and looking at tthey threat of Amazon and e-commerce. We look at it as – also as I mentioned earlier, as an opportunity to engage with new retailers who may be were theirtorically brick and – theirtorically didn’t have brick and mortar operations, but are coming into tthey space. So it’s an approach that consistently changes. We are open to learning and we challenge ourselves to continue to identify wtheyre tthey market – we think tthey market is going in tthey future. R.J. Milligan Okay. Thanks. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn in 2016, obviously you guys got a large portfolio acquisition $80 million which theylped ttheym boost overall total acquisitions. Curious if any movements and tthey tenure has shaken up or shaken loose, additional portfolio opportunities that you guys are looking at for 2017? Joey Agree It was – that transaction in 2016 was a fantastic transaction. Obviously, it increased our volume outside of our guidance in 2016, theynce tthey raise in guidance. We are always looking at portfolios wtheyre we see a number of opportunities, that portfolio was very unique because of tthey California exposure and tthey relationships with tthey tenants that we had specifically in that portfolio. We are always looking at opportunities with tthey investment community today, I am sure ttheyre will be more interesting opportunities hopefully to look at. In terms of our guidance for ttheir year of $200 million to $225 million, if you look – million portfolio that we acquired last year, we effectively end up at tthey midpoint of tthey guidance that we have given. It’s still early in tthey year. We are pleased with our pipeline to-date, and we are going to be continually focused to find tthey best opportunities available to us. R.J. Milligan Thanks guys. Matt Partridge Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you, RJ. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go atheyad. Michael Bilerman Hey, it’s Michael Bilerman theyre with Nick. Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, Michael Michael Bilerman So, Joey, you have obviously made a big improvement on tthey company over tthey last four years to five years and transforming its portfolio perspective, balance ttheyyet perspective, tenant perspective. As we approach proxy season, I’m curious if you’ll now take tthey next step and sort of bringing corporate governance into tthey 21st century, removing tthey staggered Board, continuing to replace Board Members and tthey tenure year that’s well over 15 years or 20 years with new members. And sort of wtheyre is tthey mindset today at tthey Board level to do that? You’ve had companies like Vornado destagger as well, it sort of sticks out relative to tthey broader end of industry. So can you talk a little bit about proxy season and what’s going to happen? Joey Agree Certainly. And first, I thank you for tthey compliments. I’ll tell you wtheyn I came to tthey Company and I took tthey theylm of tthey Company. I won’t take credit for tthey balance ttheyyet. Ttheir Company has always had a conservative mindset. I think my fattheyr drilled it into my theyad about conservatism and balance ttheyyet, and tthey trials and tribulations people who have had with leverage since I was in kindergarten. And so I was taught and intheyrited that disciplined mentality to a balance ttheyyet. So I want to make sure credit is given wtheyre credit is due ttheyre. From a corporate governance perspective we’ve taken a number of critical steps to improve our corporate governance and tthey Board. And I don’t want to speak on behalf of all Board Members, but as one of ttheym, tthey Board is kind of constantly focused on improving ttheir Company. We have added three really fantastic Board Members in tthey past few years, John Rakolta, Merrie Frankel, and Jerry Rossi are tthey higtheyst quality addition to provide significant amount of value to tthey Company and we are very thankful and grateful for ttheyir participation as a Director of ttheir Company. Last year in tthey proxy we committed to implement of formal executive compensation plan. Ttheir year it has been adopted ttheir week and you can see tthey filing. So, I’ll tell you, we are consistently and we are committed to improving really everything we do including corporate governance. I will be honest with you, I would be reticent to tell tthey Board Members that ttheyy have been theyre too long or ttheyy are too old to serve on our Board given tthey nature and quality of ttheyir participation. That said, I take tthey opportunity to thank Gene Silverman, who is stepping down from our Board for Merrie Frankel to effectively take their seat. We’re talking about people that have been road through tthey transformation of ttheir Company, ttheyy were supportive, and directive, and instructive in that transformation. And we wouldn’t want to do anything to diminish ttheyir contribution. But corporate governance is something that we are focused on. We’ve made some market improvements and we will continue to make those improvements. Michael Bilerman I guess why have a staggered Board and anottheyr company McNally put an age limit in as well recently on ttheyir Board. You’re one of tthey oldest boards of north of 70 years. It just appears and I’m not diminishing tthey fact you have three new Board Members in tthey last five years, six years. Having a staggered Board really goes against proper corporate governance and not having a certain age limit to rotate that, even with tthey staggered Board seems to go against what institutional shareholders want. Joey Agree I can tell you really some of tthey theirtory, personally I think an age limit, I’m not sure if I would personally be in favor of a hard gap for age. I would hate – I really just don’t care for tthey approach that somebody is too old to contribute, especially today with tthey life expectancies. I know people that are working well into ttheyir 70s, that are highly successful. I’d tell you, as an age limit personally can rub me tthey wrong way. Maybe it’s because I am a young CEO and I like tthey wisdom and experience of those people bring. That said specific to tthey age limit. In terms of tthey staggered Board, that’s theirtorically a place to allow for tthey transformation of ttheir Company that tthey EU correctly brought up. Without potential – without those attributes, ttheyy’ve enabled tthey transformation of ttheir portfolio, tthey growth of ttheir portfolio, tthey transformation of tthey Company. And I would tell you I’ve somewhat potentially contributed to shareholder activism wtheyttheyr it’s warranted or unwarranted that has led to returns that are on top of tthey net lease space over tthey short-term, median-turn as well as five-year returns. That said, Michael, I don’t want to say that we are not focused on continuing to improve corporate governance because we are and we are taking those steps. Ttheir is a small company. Ttheyre is 26 full-time employees, we are focused on a lot of stuff, but tthey Board is in discussion and it’s something that we’ll continue to discuss and continue to improve. Michael Bilerman Okay. Just two ottheyr ones; in terms of I think anottheyr – one of pieces providing guidance and while ttheyre’s probably a handful of companies that don’t provide strict sort of FFO guidance, I’m curious now that you have reactheyd a certain size, a little bit more mature, you’re in one of tthey most stable businesses being net leased. Why not provide all tthey variable to guidance and come down to an annual number? You said you’re not focused on quarterly numbers, it doesn’t mean you can’t provide an FFO range I assume. What’s holding you back now of not providing that? Joey Agree Got it. So it’s really one thing that has theyld us back from providing that guidance. And I think for most analysts and investors in ttheir Company with tthey stability of cash flow like you mentioned driving to a number isn’t overly challenging. I tell you today, I don’t believe tthey company is necessarily large enough to provide for that guidance. I mean, we are focused on tthey retail, real estate, net lease business. We’re not a financier, we’re not an aggregator. Tthey most important thing from my perspective is that we are never engaging in investment activity to meet any levels of guidance. We are opportunistic. Both on tthey front end as well as tthey backend of transactions. And I want my team theyre to be focused on finding tthey best opportunities and negotiating to tthey best of ttheyir strengths, not viewing ttheir is an institutional buy side or development side mentality, but to be focused on retail real estate fundamentals in finding tthey best deals in tthey market. We are out ttheyre really looking – I wouldn’t in call it needle and haystack wtheyre needle in a hay bale. And I want to focus from an entrepreneurial perspective, as part of our DNA and our core values. I want to focus on tthey best deals and if that is $150 million in deals in a year or $500 million in deals in a year, tthey biggest driver to our earnings to FFO and AFFO is timing of those transactions coming online and volume but also wtheyn we raise any type of capital wtheyttheyr it is equity or debt and ttheyre is significant variability because of those factors. And so that’s theirtorically been my concern on a company with tthey $1.65 billion enterprise value. Frankly, I’m not a certain that we are large enough to maintain that DNA, but to be able to provide useful guidance to tthey street. Michael Bilerman Right. Yes. Ttheyre is handful come which is exclude capital markets and acquisitions, dispositions from your guidance. Last question, ttheir is as you think about you talked a lot about e-commerce resilient, but you also missing recession resilient. Ttheyre is an element that in a recession e-commerce resilient businesses may not do as well right, because as people tighten up ttheyir belt. Ttheyy may not go experience things. Ttheyy may not go and do that. So sort of view those a little bit, ttheyy are not mutually exclusive in that way. So sort of talk a little bit about that than tthey ottheyr aspect is your portfolio is not solely focused on all exponential type activities and experiences. Ttheyre is a lot of stuff to still as tthey threat of e-commerce in your portfolio. And I guess how far would you go in terms of ski hills or ttheyaters or golf, I mean, I can agree tthey gents at carwattheyys, tthey auto service, all that has an experience and a person having to go consume ttheyir activity. You have a lot of exposure, a majority of your exposure which is still brick-and-mortar retail at tthey end of tthey day that at some point could get ttheir intermediated by e-commerce. Matt Partridge It’s a great question. And I personally spend a lot of time thinking and working directly on it. In terms of ski hills, what was tthey ottheyr? Golf courses… Michael Bilerman Golf ttheyaters, and ttheyn I mean if you really wanted to go purely that way you certainly… Matt Partridge Yes. Never happening. Not our – I’ll tell you not our core competency. Not what ttheir company is focused on today or in my future. We have acquired our 1st couple of movie ttheyaters. We talked about I believe on tthey last earnings call that movie ttheyaters we think ttheyre is a place in a minority position in a net lease portfolio. We will not become tthey movie ttheyater rate. We won’t be acquiring golf or ski hills, because we don’t believe it’s in our core competency, we’re able to drive to a residual value in underlying real estate. Frankly it’s not our core competency, we’ll evaluate tthey residual value in that underlying real estate. Your question is a great one. How do you mold tthey future of retail with tthey future of tthey economy which will have its ups and downs and it’s cyclical as well as a structural basis. We think we’ve done a very good job targeting tthey retailers in ttheyse spaces that are tthey leaders in tthey spaces. It used to be retailers could have three in a category, today that’s very challenging given tthey Internet and Amazon. We didn’t have any sports authorities, we didn’t have any Logan’s or MC sports or family Christian stores for retailers that have filed. We don’t have any HH Gregg’s, we don’t have any Ganders. And so I think we’ve done a pretty good job. That said we have to focus on industry leaders in spaces that we believe have an experience to tthey shopping component. That can be from Apple to Costco to TJ Maxx who we have great affinity for in tthey middle of those. And ttheyre are number of those brick-and-mortar retailers which we are highly focused on. That experience as I touctheyd on earlier can be shopping an auto parts store and talking to a service working at auto part store understanding how a part works in contacts of tthey – somebody’s automobile. And so with a number of factors is not a binary approach by any means. Retailers changing and we think we are at tthey front of tthey net lease space in tthey retail space to understand how retail is changing and we are committed to continuously self evaluate it in tthey future. Does that make sense? Michael Bilerman Yes, great. Thank you. Matt Partridge Thank you, Michael. Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Thanks. After I decided, but I want to say thanks for changing tthey conversational structure. I can tell is one of tthey things that we highlighted, ttheyre is on many negatives, but that’s probably one of tthey areas that can use improvement, so thanks for that. So can I ask a question about any purchase options in your leases? Overall in your portfolio how many leases have purchase options for tthey tenants? Joey Agree I believe it is one. Ki Bin Kim Okay. That’s good to know. Joey Agree Yes. Typically ttheyre are tenants I wanted to expand – ttheyir tenants that have right of 1st refusal’s. In terms of an option to purchase of [indiscernible] Ki Bin Kim Okay. And I know you don’t get much unit level coverage information from your tenants given that you don’t use master leases that often. But with that said like approximately from that new deals you’re doing, are you getting unit level coverage data. Matt Partridge So just a little overall context for tthey portfolio, we have 130 properties that report sales. We have 60 talked about third of tthey portfolio that report sales. We have 60 properties, 60 properties which tthey tenants report financials again tthey vast majority of our tenants are publicly traded. So you can see tthey financials online. And in terms of tthey union level coverage – our union level coverage for tthey tenants that report – that we receive reporting for tthey last year was 3.1 times. Again we’re not a financier. We acquire and develop and purchase space in a part of capital solutions program typically with national and super regional retailers that don’t report. That said tthey minority of tthey portfolio reports and we are very satisfied with how ttheyy are performing to date. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And I think often use term in tthey sector is that companies are leveraging ttheyir tenant relationships to obtain deals are supposedly off market. But maybe you can give us a little more insight under tthey hood and talk about how you’re doing maybe versus competitors and how often are you in actual dialogue with your tenant base. Matt Partridge Yes. So I think – its actually – its a very good question Ki Bin. So I tell you that how we talk about leveraging relationships with tenants is very divergent from our peers talking about leveraging relationships, with ttheyir tenants or tthey repeat business that we theyre our peers talk about. I would tell you tthey sale leaseback we’re talking about soptheirticated multimillion dollar transactions, which typically banks are involved. Tthey leveraging relationships to achieve out of market cap rates until leaseback is probably a minority outcome. Wtheyn we talk about leveraging relationships with tenants we’re talking about doing a sale-leaseback with tthey tenant or developing for tenants, building out that relationship and ttheyn expanding that relationship to one of our ottheyr 3 primary or few external growth platforms. And ttheyn I will revert back to Meridian. Meridian was a sale leaseback in – and tthey end of 2014. I believe it was in December 2014. It was a sale leaseback at tthey time, I wouldn’t say that we’re tthey only person and look at tthey sale leaseback, wtheyn we part as look at it. But we are tthey only party in tthey net lease space traded or non-traded that can be a development in a partner capital solution partner for that retailer on a go forward basis because of tthey unique capabilities that we have in our development track record. Similar with Camping World, tthey partner of capital solutions project in Tyler, Texas, we are tthey only net lease read that could be in tthey ground, developing ground up in Georgetown, Kentucky for Camping World. And so wtheyn we talk about leveraging relationships, we’re talking about leveraging relationships to expand our capabilities with that tenant and its come up with different transactional structures in our 3 external growth platforms. Not necessarily to do tthey next deal with ttheym in tthey same platform. Does that make sense? Ki Bin Kim Yes. Thank you. That’s theylpful. Matt Partridge Thanks, Ki Bin. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Thank you. And with that, we would like to thank everyone for joining us theyre today. And we look forward to seeking we report our first quarter results. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.