Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2018 9:30 AM ET Executives Joey Agree - President, Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Rob Stevenson - Janney Collin Mings - Raymond James Nick Joseph - Citi Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Todd Stender - Wells Fargo John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty’s Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call and Mid-Year Update. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Also note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's second quarter 2018 earnings call and mid -year update. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. I am very pleased to report that we had anottheyr very strong quarter with our team executing across all aspects of our operating strategy. In addition to reporting on our second quarter performance, I look forward to providing a mid-year update and ttheyn lastly welcoming two fantastic additions to our Board of Directors.  In conjunction with tthey call ttheir morning, we've posted a few slides to our home page as well as sec.gov. Building upon momentum from tthey first quarter, we continue to strengttheyn and diversify our industry leading portfolio through strategic investment activity and proactive asset management. Investment capital deployed across our three external growth platforms in tthey quarter totaled more than $104 million among 29 high quality retail net lease properties. Of those 29 investments, 23 were stores through our acquisition platform representing total acquisition volume of approximately $102 million. Tthey properties were acquired in weighted average cap rate of 7.2% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 12.4 four years. Notably, more than 61 % of tthey annualized base rent acquired during tthey quarter is derived from tenants with an investment grade credit rating. Tthey acquired properties are located in 16 states operating in 12 diverse sectors, including home improvement, theyalth and fitness, convenience stores, auto parts and tire auto service. Notable retailers acquired during tthey quarter include Home Depot, LA Fitness, Best Buy, O'Reilly Auto Parts and National Tire & Battery. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we've invested a record $207 million into more than 60 retail net leased properties geographically dispersed throughout 23 states. Of tthey $207 million invested during tthey first half of 2018, approximately $201 million was source to our acquisition platform. Tthey 53 properties acquired in tthey first half year are leased to 30 leading retail tenants operating in 15 distinct sectors. Ttheyse properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.2% with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of 30 years. Approximately half of tthey annualized base rent acquired in tthey first two quarters comes from retailers with an investment grade credit rating. Our focus is and will remain on industry-leading operators wtheyre brick-and-mortar retail play an integral role in ttheyir omni-channel strategy. Given our record acquisition volume to tthey first half of tthey year, and our very strong pipeline, we are increasing our 2018 acquisition guidance to a range of $350 million to $400 million. Our acquisition team and our many partners have done a fantastic job securing tthey higtheyst-quality opportunities. While raising our acquisition guidance for tthey year, I want to reiterate that our investment standards are more rigorous than ttheyy have ever been. We remain intently focused on tthey best operators and on retail, real estate fundamentals including adaptability, synergy, visibility demographics, traffic patterns and access. Ttheir focus has furttheyr strengttheyned our best-in-class portfolio which is of tthey higtheyst quality has ever been in tthey company's theirtory. Tthey quality of our portfolio is evidenced by tthey continued transformation of tthey company's top tenant roster. In tthey past year, Academy Sports, rite-aid, BJ's Wholesale, 24-hour Fitness and Burger King Franctheire, tthey Meridian restaurants have all been eliminated from our top tenant list. Tthey past quarter we are pleased to have added O'Reilly Auto Parts and Best Buy as top tenants in our portfolio. Ttheyse two leading operators complement tthey recent editions of tthey TJX companies, AutoZone and Dave & Buster's to our top tenant list. You can anticipate that our portfolio will continue to evolve as we proactively embrace tthey dynamic retail environment. We intend to lead through ttheir dynamic retail period to tthey acquisition of tthey higtheyst-quality real estate, leads to tthey strongest omni-channel retailers or those that have a significant mode around ttheyir business model. Turning to our development and partner capital solutions platforms. During tthey first six months of 2018, we had 10 developments in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction that represent total committed capital of approximately $52 million. During tthey second quarter, we completed our third Camping World. Tthey project located in Grand Rapids, Michigan is subject to a new 20 year net lease and had total cost of approximately $9.6 million.  Tthey company also commenced its second project with leading Burger Kings franctheiree, TOMS King during tthey second quarter with total anticipated cost of approximately $2 million. Tthey project is located in Aurora, Illinois and is subject to a new 20 year net lease. Construction continued during tthey quarter on four projects. Tthey development include tthey company's first PCS project with all tthey Chickasha, Oklahoma, tthey company's first project with Burlington Coat in Nampa, Idaho, and tthey company's third and fourth development with Mister Car Wash in Orlando and Tavares, Florida.  While we had a record six months of investment activity across our three external growth platforms, we've also look to strengttheyn and diversify our portfolio to proactive asset management and disposition efforts. During ttheir past quarter, we sold five properties for gross proceeds of approximately $11 million. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 7.1%. Included in ttheyse dispositions were tthey Walgreens and Waterford Michigan as well as a number of franctheire fast food restaurants.  Through June 30th, we have now disposed 10 properties for gross proceeds of approximately $28 million and tthey weighted average cap rate of ttheyse dispositions was roughly 7.3%. Given our disposition activities through tthey first six months of tthey year, and our increased visibility into ttheyse activities, we are increasing our 2018 disposition guidance to $50 million to $75 million for tthey year. Tthey increased guidance highlights our commitment to proactively managing our portfolio in line with our previously stated goals. Ttheir increase is supported by approximately $12 million in assets theyld for sale at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold our only Shopko located in Boston, Wisconsin, ttheyreby eliminating any exposure to tthey company.  Additionally, post quarter close we completed tthey disposition of Walgreens in Delta township, Michigan furttheyr reducing our Walgreens exposure which currently stand at 6.7%. Ttheir is a decrease of approximately 210 basis points since tthey second quarter of last year and more than 2,000 basis points since tthey end of 2013. Similarly, our pharmacy exposure stood at 10.7% at quarter end and now stands at 10.5% inclusive of tthey aforementioned sale of tthey Walgreens in Delta Township. Ttheir represents tthey reduction of approximately 320 basis points since tthey second quarter of 2017 and almost 2,700 basis points since tthey end of 2013. Our asset management team has been focused on leveraging our relationships with our retail partners to proactively address upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts, we've just three remaining lease maturities in 2018, representing 0.3% of annualized base rent. 80% of tthey annualized base rent expiring ttheir year is attributable to our two key mart locations in Mount Pleasant, Michigan and Frankfurt, Kentucky. Kmart sales exercise options at both locations and we look forward to tthey opportunities to redevelop both sites and create additional value.  As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we've executed a 15 years lease with Hobby Lobby in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for tthey construction of a new 50,000 square foot prototype. We anticipate demolish of tthey former Kmart will begin ttheir quarter with rent commencing in tthey second half of 2019. As previously discussed, we are also nearing announcement with several retailers in Frankfurt, Kentucky. We've executed letter of intent with three tenants and look forward to update you on our redevelopment progress next quarter.  As of June 30th, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 481 properties located in 44 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of tthey industry leading retailers in over 28 diverse retail sectors with more than 46% of annualized base rent coming from tenant that carry an investment grade credit rating. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied in 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.2 years. We continue to believe ttheyre is ground lease portfolio present an extremely attractive risk adjusted investment for our shareholders. Our ground lease portfolio continuously to represent more than 7% of annualized base rent and includes leading retailers such Lowe's, Walmart, Home Depot, Wawa, Aldi, Chick-fil-A and McDonald. At quarter end, nearly 90% of our ground lease portfolio derived its rent from retailers that carry an investment grade credit rating.  Before I turn tthey call over to Clay to discuss our second quarter and first half 2018 financial results, on behalf of tthey entire Board of Directors I'd like to welcome both Craig Erlich and Greg Lehmkuhl to our board. After an in-depth wedding process, we are confident that both will provide unique perspectives that will be invaluable to our growing organization. By way of background, Craig Erlich is a Senior Vice President and General Manager of tthey George P Johnson Company, a global experience real marketing firm with 30 offices worldwide. George P Johnson's clients include global leaders in manufacturing, finance entertainment and technology. And Craig has full responsibility for operations at its world theyadquarters theyre in Detroit as well as its Nashville facility. Craig has deep leadership experience, notably in tthey context of a growing organization and their entrepreneurial background is a great fit for our team. Greg Lehmkuhl is President and Chief Executive Officer of Lineage Logistics and oversees all facets of tthey company's global operations. Many of you are most likely familiar with Lineage which today is tthey second largest cold storage provider in tthey world. Greg's operational expertise and background in lean continuous improvement is an ideal fit for our growing portfolio and organization. With that I'll turn tthey call over to Clay to discuss our financial results. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discussed non-GAAP financial measures including Funds From Operations or FFO and Adjusted Funds From Operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announcement in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue including percentage rent for tthey second quarter of 2018 was $32.1 million, an increase of 27.7% over tthey second quarter of 2017. Year-to-date, total rental revenue also increased 27.7% over tthey comparable period in 2017 to $63.1 million. General and administrative expenses in tthey second quarter totaled approximately $3.2 million or 8.9% of total revenues. G&A expenses were elevated in tthey quarter primarily due to a one-time fee related to our receipt of an investment grade credit rating from Moody's Investors Service. We continue to anticipate G&A expenses will be approximately 8% of total revenues for tthey year. Similarly, income tax expense was elevated in tthey quarter to $216,000 reflecting incremental state and local taxes. We anticipate tthey income tax expense will total between $500,000 and $550, 000 for tthey year. Please note that prior 2018 income tax expense was reflected in general administrative expense and in 2018 and in 2018 we began disclosing tthey expense separately. Funds From Operations for tthey second quarter was $22.3 million, representing an increase of 24.3% over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis FFO increased to $0.71 per share, a 5.6% increase as compared to tthey second quarter of 2017. Funds From Operations for tthey first six months of 2018 was $44.4 million, representing an increase of 26.8% over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis FFO increase to $1.41 per share, a 7.4% increase as compared to tthey first six months of 2017. Adjusted Funds From Operations for tthey second quarter was $22.2 million, a 24.5% increase over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis AFFO was $0.70, a 5.7% increase as compared to tthey second quarter of 2017. Adjusted Funds From Operations for tthey first six months of 2018 was $44 million, representing an increase of 26.1 % compared to tthey first six months of 2017. On a per share basis AFFO of $1.40 per share, represented a 6.8% increase as compared to tthey first six months of 2017. Our quarterly and year-to-date FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to our forward equity offering. Treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share account in tthey event our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offering prior to settlement. Tthey diluted impact related to ttheyse shares was roughly a penny to both FFO and AFFO per share for tthey three and six-month periods. Now moving to our capital markets activities. In May, we received an investment grade credit rating of BAA2 with a stable outlook from Moody's Investors Service. Tthey receipt of an investment grade credit rating is a testament to tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and our conservative and disciplined approach to capital markets decisions. Tthey BAA2 credit rating improves tthey cost of borrowing on our revolving credit facility and will furttheyr enhance our long-term access to capital. Tthey private placement market has been and continues to provide efficient execution for us, and I anticipate our credit rating to furttheyr drive pricing and accessibility. As discussed on last quarter's call, in March we've completed follow-on public offering $3.5 million shares of common stock in connection with a forward sale agreement. Tthey offering is anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $163 million after deducting fees and expenses. To date, tthey company has not received any proceeds from tthey sale of shares of its common stock. While we have tthey ability to settle tthey transaction in whole or in tranctheys at any time between now and March 1st of 2019, given tthey continued strength of our investment pipeline, we anticipate settling tthey entire forward by tthey end of ttheir year. Upon settlement of tthey forward offering, we anticipate being at or below tthey low end of our stated leverage range of 5x to 6x net debt to recurring EBITDA putting our balance ttheyyet in a strong position for 2019. Subsequent to quarter end, we exercised tthey accordian option on our unsecured revolving credit facility securing an additional $75 million of capacity increasing our total facility from $250 million to $325 million. Ttheir increased capacity on a revolving credit facility is reflective of tthey company's continued growth and increase in size since our credit facility was last amended in December 2016.  In addition to increasing tthey capacity of a revolving credit facility, we anticipate issuing long-term fixed-rate unsecured debt in tthey third quarter. We've had considerable dialogue with our existing private placement lenders and anticipate sizing to be between $100 million and $150 million. Combined with tthey settlement of tthey forward equity offering ttheir year will bring total long-term capital source to approximately $300 million. As of June 30th, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 5.4x and within our stated range. Furttheyrmore, our total debt to total enterprise value was approximately 28.1% and our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes principal amortization remains at a very theyalthy level of 4.2x. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be well-positioned for 2018 and beyond with an increased revolving credit facility of $325 million, anticipated proceeds of more than $160 million from tthey forward equity offering and two $100 million private placement ttheyylf agreements. Our conservative approach to tthey balance ttheyyet is allowed us to be opportunistic wtheyn making capital markets decisions. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.54 per share on July 13th to stockholders of record on June 29, 2018. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 6.9% increase over tthey $0.505 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheir was tthey company's 97 consecutive cash dividend since its IPO in 1994. For tthey first six months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.06 per share, a 6% increase over tthey dividends of $1 per share declared for tthey comparable period in 2017. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey second quarter of 2018 were conservative 76% of FFO and 77% of AFFO respectively. For tthey first six months of 2018, our payout ratios were 75% of FFO and 76% of AFFO respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios at tthey low end of tthey companies targeted ranges and reflect tthey well covered dividend. With that I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To wrap things up, I'm very pleased with our performance during tthey first six months of tthey year. We are in a tremendous position for tthey second half of tthey year and I look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Good morning, guys. Joey, can you talk a little bit about beyond tthey Kmart redevelopments that you talked about on tthey call theyre? How much is building in tthey development PCS pipeline beyond tthey five projects currently underway? Joey Agree Good morning, Rob. Our pipeline continues to grow with both retailers that we have theirtorical relationships with as well as some new retailers that we're working on everything from market research to site selection. So we anticipate Q3 having some new announcements and some new projects slated to commence during tthey quarter, but again our focus continues to be on leveraging all three of our external growth platforms with relationships across tthey spectrum. Rob Stevenson Okay and ttheyn in tthey slide deck that you guys put out I mean tthey Walgreens is now down I think effectively down to 6.7, I think it was like seven or something like that during tthey quarter. Wtheyre --given tthey acquisition pipeline and tthey acquisition guidance, wtheyre is tthey sort of pro forma? What is that sort of assuming that you don't acquire any Walgreens throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Wtheyre does tthey Walgreens and tthey pharmacy concentration sort of end tthey year if you do that sort of incremental $150 million - $200 million of acquisitions outside of pharmacy? Joey Agree Yes. Well exclusive of any dispositions of any Walgreens or any additional pharmacies I would expect as we telegraph that Walgreens will have a five handle in front of it in terms of ttheyir exposure and our pharmacy exposure should be a sub 10 or sub 10% by year-end, both through disposition activity or additional disposition activity as well as just your denominator growth as we continue to bring new assets online. Rob Stevenson And are you seeing any sort of difference in tthey demand for those assets as you go to sell Walgreens and any ottheyr pharmacy assets ttheyse days relative to what it was last year, a year before? Joey Agree We're not -- just for some really some pricing color tthey Waterford Walgreens that we sold was effectively at a -6.3 cap that Walgreens had some 10 years left of term. It was a mediocre performer. Tthey Walgreens post quarter close that we divested of in Delta Township was closer to a six cap at a couple more years of term on it. So we're not seeing any pricing discrepancy in terms of quarter-over-quarter. Operator Tthey next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Hey, good morning, Joey. Good morning, Clay. First question. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on tthey move of Best Buy to tthey top list of top tenants? Particularly, just given your focus on looking eittheyr reduce or avoid may be some categories that have been less resistant to e-commerce? Joey Agree Yes, no, it's a good question and look I watctheyd Best Buy for years is tthey Consumer Electronics space went through some obviously some dynamic changes, we watctheyd Comp USA file for chapter 7 liquidation, likewise with Circuit City, HHA reg appeared and ttheyn disappeared via a chapter 7 liquidation as well. What Best Buy's management team has done a fantastic job with a number of initiatives that divided -- that frankly defied many expectations? You may have seen tthey Bloomberg article in tthey last couple days on ttheyir continued progress. Ttheyy built out a true omni-channel platform. Ttheyy leveraged ttheyir vendor relationships to create store within a store concepts, which have driven an incremental traffic. Ttheyy built out tthey Geek Squad and tthey service orientation of ttheyir business. Ttheyy've entered aggressively into tthey appliance space with tthey downfall of shares -- shares --market share. Ttheyir online growth continues while ttheyir same store sales were plus 7% last quarter. So I think that combined with ttheyir strong liquidity profile, ttheyir net debt to EBITDA just over 2x and balance ttheyyets are critical in today's changing environment. We view ttheym as an omni-channel leader today. We're excited to have ttheym join our top tenant list. It took us a few years to watch ttheym transform tthey business, and we're very pleased with wtheyre ttheyy are. I would note that did tthey major Best Buy acquisition that we made during tthey quarter was a fantastic piece of real estate. It's located in Hillsboro, Oregon just outside of Portland. It's a relocation store, highly profitable for ttheym. It's immediately adjacent to top tenant, tthey top target excuse me in tthey market, and its three miles from Nikes global theyadquarters. I was at tthey site about six weeks ago and it's a fantastic piece of real estate. So Best Buy is tthey last man standing in tthey consumer electronics space, and we feel that ttheyy have dynamically transformed ttheyir business to be successful in an omni-channel world. Collin Mings Appreciate all tthey color ttheyre, Joey. Maybe just following a bit on Rob's question just as far as dispositions clearly increased guidance for tthey remainder of tthey year. Can you maybe just give us for modeling purposes on a blended basis, how to think about tthey cap rate on dispositions theyre in tthey third quarter? And ttheyn as you look at additional dispositions, I mean, you've talked in tthey past about reducing restaurant exposure obviously, bringing down Walgreens and ttheyn you sold off tthey Shopko that you have exposure to. But maybe just any ottheyr buckets or sectors, tenants that you're looking to bring down exposure to as we go through tthey balance of tthey year? Joey Agree No, I'll tell you Collin, it's really more tthey same. You'll continue to see us divest of franctheire restaurant exposure simply because of tthey pricing that's out ttheyre that we're able to achieve sub six or six cap. Pharmacy exposure we'll continue to look at reducing specifically tthey Walgreens and redeploy ttheyir capital. You mentioned tthey Shopko that was tthey only Shopko in our portfolio. Obviously, higtheyr yield sales, it was part of a portfolio acquisition cost call it four years ago approximately. We thought it was appropriate, doesn't fit within tthey quality of our portfolio to sell that asset. And so ttheyre are a couple different buckets ttheyre. Tthey majority of tthey assets that we're disposing of is opportunistic dispositions, and ttheyn can recycle tthey capital on accretive basis into frankly higtheyr quality assets that's our focus. Collin Mings Okay, and ttheyn, just as far as kind of blended cap rate, any investment you can provide us on tthey back of tthey year, third quarter specifically? Joey Agree I think mid 6s low 7 is on a GAAP basis is most likely on a cash basis mid 6s , low 6s depending on wtheyre some of ttheyse transactions play out. As we mentioned, we have $12 million negative theyld for sale at quarter end ttheyre at 6.30 to Shopko and tthey Walgreens. Obviously, we're in ttheyre and so we'll continue to opportunistically look to divest some of ttheyse assets. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go atheyad. Nick Joseph Thanks. Joey, you've been on anottheyr run rate of about a $100 million of acquisitions per quarter. Is that tthey right run rate going forward or is ttheyre anything about tthey pipeline that would indicate that tthey quarterly volume will eittheyr accelerate or slow from theyre? Joey Agree Yes. Look, it's -- $100 million a quarter for Q1 and Q1 is was really dead on. I would be theysitant ttheyre is cyclicality, ttheyre are seasonal changes. Tthey team done a fantastic job sourcing opportunities. Ttheyy seemed to come in waves. Ttheyre's really no rhyme or reason for it. What we found theyre is tthey key is that we get atheyad of tthey following quarter and so wtheyn we're 60 days out our average transaction takes 71 days from LOI execution to close. Wtheyn we get to 60-70 days out from quarter end, we shift our focus. So what we've got a growing and dynamic and talented team theyre. We're still learning frankly about tthey capabilities, but we're very pleased with wtheyre we are mid-year. And we have visibility into that $350 million $400 million or else we wouldn't put it out ttheyre for anybody. Nick Joseph Thanks. Ttheyn you added tthey two people to tthey board, so that brings it up to 10. Is ttheir a permanent expansion or do you expect tthey number to go back down at some point? Joey Agree Yes. I know it's a good question. First off, we're really excited as I mentioned in our prepared remarks to have Craig and Greg both on board. Ttheyy're both great leaders of ttheyir respective organizations. Ttheir is a transitionary period for us. We will --we anticipate going back down to eight possibly nine board members, but we thought it was appropriate for ttheym to a no pun intended to maintain ttheyir security clearances and have a transitionary period as we on board ttheym, and ttheyy can learn from tthey experiences of tthey board members that we'll be stepping off in tthey future. Nick Joseph Would you at that point it's like doorman finally de-stagger, tthey board by consistent with tthey majority of all tthey reads out?  Clay Ttheylen Good morning, Michael. How are you? Nick Joseph Fantastic. Joey Agree Look, I would say tthey Board continues to take appropriate steps at a consistent pace to improve all aspects of tthey company. So last year, we created a defined compensation plan with short and long term incentives for tthey named executive officers. To date, ttheir year we've added two board members. We terminated rights agreement ttheir quarter as well. So I think you can expect us to continue look at tthey board, to continue to look at any and all ways to improve tthey organization and including potentially de-staggering tthey board would, ttheyy feel tthey appropriate time is. Nick Joseph Why would ttheyre be theysitation wtheyn tthey vast majority of REITs and corporate America have de-staggered boards? Like why is ttheyre any theysitation whatsoever to not improve corporate governance especially with your corporate governance course? Joey Agree I don't think ttheyre's any theysitation to improve corporate governance, and I think we --I think tthey board has taken a number of proactive steps inclusive of ttheyse two new board members in terms of governance and age and board tenure. I think ttheyre are multiple perspectives of staggered boards, ttheyre are merits and considerations to those staggered boards. Ttheir is a dynamically growing company with a lot of moving pieces, obviously, a lot of top-line activity. We're growing by nearly 30% a year. And I think tthey board wants to take, I'll speak on behalf tthey entire board wants to take a measured and appropriate look at all aspects of corporate governance and not necessarily be reactionary, but do things --at what ttheyy feel is tthey right time right. Nick Joseph Right. I mean as much as you're growing you are in business that's net lease, you're not offering any assets, and it's not an extraordinarily complicated structure, right? You have to raise capital and put capital out. I don't see what that has to do with having annual elections for your Board of Directors providing shareholders tthey ability to express ttheyir views on an annual basis? It just seems strange that you're one of very few companies that still are holding on to a relic in corporate governance. Joey Agree Well, look, I think our business model I agree is an overly complicated, but at tthey same term it's a long-term business model. Our weighted average lease term of over 10 years; tthey nature of how we look at real estate, tthey nature of how we look at portfolio construction, and frankly our place in tthey net lease and overall retail universe has a long-term perspective. And so I think ttheyre are ttheyre are merits to de-staggering a board in annual elections. Ttheyre are also considerations. And tthey last thing we want to do is encourage a short-term mentality. And I think that's a consideration, I think we want to have a mentality that's appropriate for tthey duration of our leases for tthey holding period of our assets. And so again I think ttheyre are merits and considerations of it. And I think tthey board has done and tthey company has done a fantastic job continuing to transform itself as a high-growth organization albeit maybe in a simplistic business. Nick Joseph I would agree with you if it was split 50:50 with companies out in corporate America, but what you find specifically even wtheyn looking at tthey REIT, tthey vast majority 95% of tthey companies have de-staggered boards. So you are unfortunately tthey minority not in tthey majority, and ttheyre's a lot of companies that have much more complicated businesses that are much larger in size that have a lot more going on that have de- staggered boards. S I'll leave it ttheyre, but I don't think those are rationale relative to tthey vast majority of companies you're competing with for investor capital. You want to remove any potential overhang or for someone to want to buy your shares and that is typically an impediment to some investors. Joey Agree I think ttheyre are merits everything you're saying, Michael. I would encourage people to look at our short, our medium and our long -term returns. I don't believe it's sort of -- if necessarily as a direct impediment to tthey total returns that we provided shareholders in those periods of time. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Thanks and good morning out ttheyre. So wtheyn Amazon bought TOPEC I thought that was probably one of tthey more obvious verticals ttheyy will go into, yet Walgreens stock was down around 10%. So my question is I know you've been talking about decreasing your exposure over time, but wtheyn that announcement came, did that at all change tthey way you thought about your overall longer-term exposure and tthey pace of wtheyre you want to take that exposure down to? Joey Agree No. It really has. And I would tell you that what we are --if you --as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks and people can see on tthey slides, our pharmacy concentration in 2013 was 37%. It's now down currently to 10.5% %. Our Walgreens concentration in 2013 was 27.5% now down to 6.7%. So that trend in trajectory will continue both by denominator growth as well as capital recycling. In terms of tthey Amazon TOPEC acquisition, first, I would tell you I don't think it's overly relevant to comment on tthey size of tthey acquisition or a PillPack only doing a $100 million in revenue or referring to tthey theirtory of mail-order pharmacy or an internet pharmacy. So I'll keep --I'm going to keep those comments to a minimum. I think pharmacy like many retail industries, tthey vast majority of ttheym today is now in tthey theyadlines. And I would tell you that's -- I wouldn't underestimate a few components of tthey pharmaceutical business, and tthey retail pharmaceutical business, most notably tthey convenience, tthey urgency as well as tthey service component. On tthey same end nor would I get too carried away with tthey theyadline risk. We've seen it basically with every retail sector in tthey past year with Amazon potentially or intheyrently ending up entering into it through it acquisition or organically. What I do think is most relevant is tthey realization and it's something that we firmly believe theyre is that we're going through a dynamically changing retail world today, an omni-channel world.  And so for me, ttheyre are really three critical things. Number one, we've tthey best operators in any sector. We believe Walgreens and CVS are tthey two best operators. Two, ttheyy occupy high-quality real estate on with strong residuals and ttheyse are hard corners, we frankly sold pharmacy exposure from tthey bottom of our portfolio. And ttheyn lastly and most importantly, we don't have a crystal ball, we don't claim to. And we want to diversify portfolio from tenant sector perspective, and that's what we have been stated that we're going to achieve, and what we've executed too. So I'm very confident that we'll meet ttheyse objectives. We will continue to adtheyre to ttheym. I think all you have to do is follow tthey trends that I spoke too and you can see visually on ttheyse slides kind of what that trajectory is. So we have a clear strategy. We're going to execute it today. And again, Walgreens is down to 6.7% of our portfolio today. And you'll only see that number go down and we're very comfortable with tthey real estate underlying. Ki Bin Kim Okay and tthey past couple years or a couple years ago you're buying about $200 million or so of real estate deals per year. And obviously you grow that very methodically, now you had a base $400 million. Is ttheyre anything from business standpoint or personnel or how you source things that has to enhance or change as you kind of growing that pipeline over time? Joey Agree No, look, we built for tthey future of ttheir organization from people processes and systems. Our acquisition and transactional team now is comprised of 11 people that includes our diligence team. That team just two years ago was four or five people until we're built from -- built for growth. We've invested several hundred thousand dollars in systems in ttheir organization from CRM to database software to things frankly that I can't even operate, but tthey team theyre has done a fantastic job, look projecting for. We anticipated ttheir growth. We've anticipated tthey trajectory and frankly we're built to continue into tthey future to ADC 3.0. Operator Tthey next tthey next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hi, good morning, guys. Can we theyar more details on tthey Camping World property developed? Maybe size, expected yield. I'm not sure if I missed that. Maybe your comfort level with tthey tenant and ttheyn maybe in comparison how you're looking at tthey Aldi project? Maybe some of tthey economics around that. Joey Agree Yes, sure. So tthey Camping world in Grand Rapids is about $9 million - $9.5 million project. Ttheir Camping World was a former, but really a retrofit and expansion of an existing operation. Camping World operated tthey retail store, but didn't operate tthey motor vehicle dealership portion of it. So tthey store is effectively complete now. It will be in line with our theirtorical PCS yields. It's tthey third Camping World in our portfolio. Tthey transactions we've done with Camping World now vary really, it's a good example of what we can provide retailers in terms of value. One ground-up build a suit in Georgetown, Kentucky, a Tyler Texas effectively sale-leaseback with a renovation component. And now tthey PCS project in Grand Rapids, Michigan.  I would tell you don't expect us to do any large-scale sale-leaseback, those types of financing transactions with Camping World. We're going to stick to our knitting and look to create and provide value to our shareholders. In terms of tthey Aldi, that's a renovation of a former staple box through our PCS platform with a private developer just over about $ 3 million in costs similar yield hurdles for that project. It's our first turnkey, all tthey project we're excited -- Aldi is in our portfolio currently I believe our ground leases.  And so we're a big fan of all tthey -- tthey discount grocery business we think as much theyadline as Amazon getting in ttheir country in terms of entering grocery with tthey acquisition of Whole Foods. All ttheyse is probably as or more disruptive as any of tthey grocer's in ttheir country today with ttheyir low price and efficient modeling. So ttheir will be a new Aldi prototype. Tthey stores are absolutely beautiful on tthey inside. We're excited for that store to get open and operating.  Todd Stender How big is that prototype Joey? Joey Agree It's about 20,000 feet, it's a former staples box, so it's a retrofit of that staples right off tthey freeway. Todd Stender And thank you for that. And ttheyn how about tthey shopko, you guys took an impairment on that asset. How many years were left on tthey lease and how about tthey cap rate you got for i? Joey Agree Ttheyre was about -- let me double ctheyck but I believe ttheyre was approximately 10-11 years remaining on tthey lease. We took tthey impairment and subsequently sold it during tthey third quarter. That was a upper single digits 10 cap almost cap rate ttheyre. We just frankly don't -- look, number one, we don't like holding assets if and until a tenant vacate through a bankruptcy or a lease expiration. We don't hold onto assets and we don't believe in tthey residuals and we don't hold onto assets frankly that we don't believe in tthey business model on a go-forward basis. So it was an appropriate thing for us to do to eliminate our only Shopko exposure, and keep our focus intently on tthey best operators and tthey respective sectors that we're focused. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning, everyone. So given you sold Walgreens in tthey quarter I think it was 6.3 cap if I remember theyaring correctly, and you're selling franctheire restaurants in tthey 6% range. What drove tthey 7.1 cap rate on total dispositions in tthey quarter? And maybe some more detail on tthey higtheyr cap rate assets you sold ttheir quarter? Joey Agree Yes. So tthey quarter was really comprised of fast food restaurants, a sonic restaurant, fast food operator franctheire. A couple Burger Kings and tthey Walgreens. Tthey gap cap rate on those is really driven by tthey remaining lease term on tthey franctheire restaurants which gap out. On a cash basis those dispositions were in tthey six -seven range on a cash basis. So we will get it and say what it's an opportunities or opportunistic sales, and we think ttheyre is tthey appropriate thing to recycle tthey capital and reduce exposure.  John Massocca So what would be tthey gap on tthey two Walgreens book, tthey one you sold ttheir quarter and last quarter ttheyn? Joey Agree Those are effectively flat, Waterford had a small bump that took up into tthey mid- 6s, 6.4, 6.5. John Massocca Okay and ttheyn just digging more, your exposure to grocery increased by almost 900,000. What acquisition drove that? I don't think it was new tenants in tthey top tenant list so -- Joey Agree Yes, no, so our grocery exposure is really dominated by national operators, leading operators not interested in second or third tier. We acquired a stop and shop on a ground lease during tthey quarter. So it's a ground leased [Indiscernible] high-performing store, which we did some lease modifications with tthey tenant commensurate with tthey transaction. Tthey remainder of our grocery exposure is geographically and tenant diverse. It's onr Publix, it's Ruler Foods, Krogers Deep Discount, its Walmart Neighborhood Market dollar general market, one high V, an HEB in Texas, really those leading operators national and regional. We're not interested in B or C operators in tthey grocery space. Operator Okay, seeing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, I want to thank everybody for ttheyir patience ttheir morning and for joining us. And we look forward to speaking you again with our third quarter results. Have a good week. Thank everybody. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.