Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Roy Witteveen - VP, People & Culture and Chief of Staff Joel Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - Interim CFO & IR Professional Conference Call Participants Bradley Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Ryan McConnell - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Elijah Tsai - Jefferies Wesley Golladay - Robert W. Baird & Co. Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Roy Witteveen, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff. Please go atheyad, Roy. Roy Witteveen Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss tthey results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language.  Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, clarity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and tthey containment measures on us and our tenants. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements.  In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Roy. I'm very pleased to report that we had record investment volume of approximately $1.1 billion for tthey first 9 months of 2021 with continued momentum theyading into tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. While replicating ttheyse investment volume is tthey testament to tthey efforts of our talented team, I am most pleased with tthey exceptional quality of tthey investments that we've made in a challenging environment. While our investment activities furttheyr strengttheyned our best-in-class retail portfolio, we have also fortified our robust balance ttheyyet with $1.5 billion of capital markets transactions year-to-date positioning our company for a dynamic growth in tthey quarters atheyad. Notably, we completed our inaugural preferred equity offering during tthey third quarter, raising $175 million at a 4.25% coupon. Ttheir represents tthey lowest non-PSA REIT preferred equity coupon in theirtory and provides a new source of perpetual capital for our rapidly growing company. During tthey third quarter, we invested approximately $343 million in 83 high-quality retail net lease properties across our 3 external growth platforms. 80 of ttheyse properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing acquisition volume of over $340 million. Tthey 80 properties acquired during tthey third quarter are leased to 49 tenants operating in 20 distinct retail sectors, including best-in-class operators and off-price retail convenience stores, tire and auto service, home improvement, auto parts, grocery and general merchandise. Tthey acquired properties at a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and a weighted average lease term of 10.7 years.  As mentioned, through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we've invested a record $1.1 billion and 226 retail net lease properties spanning 40 states across tthey country in 26 retail sectors. While raising tthey lower end of our acquisition guidance for tthey year to $1.3 billion, our thoughtful and disciplined approach is evidenced by tthey nearly 1/3 of annualized base rents acquired year-to-date derived from ground lease assets, and roughly 70% of annualized base rents acquired derived from leading investment-grade retailers.  During ttheir past quarter, we executed on several unique transactions, including our third Amazon Fresh store in Illinois. We're excited about tthey opportunity to add tthey Amazon Fresh store to tthey portfolio located in a prominent Chicago suburb with median household incomes of $110,000 and a daytime population of roughly 225,000 within a 5-mile radius. Our acquisition team also continues to uncover compelling ground lease opportunities. During tthey quarter, we completed tthey acquisition of a 9-property portfolio of Thorntons convenience stores for approximately $21 million. Tthey stores, which are paying an average annual rent of only $120,000 per year and had a weighted average lease term of close to 20 years, are all well located in tthey Nashville and Chicago MSAs. Shortly after [indiscernible] intent to purchase ttheir portfolio, BP announced ttheyy're taking full ownership of Thornton's convenience store chain after 2.5 years as part of a joint venture establittheyyd in 2019. Ttheir transaction makes BP, which is an A- rated company by S&P, one of tthey leading convenience store operators in tthey Midwest with more than 200 stores across 6 states.  Ottheyr notable ground lease acquisitions during tthey quarter, including Walmart and Sam's Club in Lansing, Michigan, 2 Lowe's stores located in Wallingford, Connecticut and Avington, Massachusetts and a CBS in Springfield, Massachusetts. We've acquired 73 ground leases year-to-date for total investment spend of nearly $350 million, representing nearly 31% of acquisition spend for tthey entire year. Ttheir includes 28 ground leases during tthey third quarter, representing investment volume of over $108 million. As of September 30, our ground lease exposure reactheyd a record of nearly 14% of annualized base rents. Tthey ground lease portfolio now derives roughly 87% from investment-grade tenants and has a weighted average lease term of 12.1 years with an average rate of less than $10 per square foot. Ttheir portfolio continues to represent an extremely attractive risk-adjusted investment for our shareholders.  On recent earnings calls and discussions, ttheyre have been considerable dialogue regarding our ground lease portfolio and its valuation. I would encourage everyone to take a look at tthey new slide we added on Page 10 of our investor presentation, which compares our ground lease portfolio to tthey 10-year Bloomberg BBB index, which has been trading between 2% and 3% over tthey past 12 months. Ttheir is a very compelling comparison wtheyn thinking about tthey value of our ground lease portfolio, which is a weighted average credit rating of BBB+ over 2 years of additional term in comparison to tthey Bloomberg BBB index and internal growth of nearly 1%. As of September 30, our portfolio's total investment-grade exposure was approximately 67%, representing close to a 500 basis point year-over-year increase. On a 2-year stacked basis, our investment-grade exposure has improved by roughly 1,000 basis points.  Moving on to our Development and Partner Capital Solutions program. We continue to uncover compelling opportunities with our retail partners. We had 7 development in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first 9 months of tthey year that represent total committed capital of approximately $40 million. I'm pleased to announce we commenced construction during tthey quarter on our third development with Gerber Collision in New Port Rictheyy, Florida. Gerber will be subject to a new 15-year lease upon completion, and we anticipate rent will commence in tthey second quarter of 2022. Construction continued during tthey third quarter on 2 development in PCS projects with anticipated cost of just over $5 million. Tthey project consists of our first 7-Eleven development in Saginaw, Michigan, and a Gerber Collision in Pooler, Georgia. We remain focused on leveraging our 3 external growth platforms and our differentiated asset management capabilities to expand our relationships with best-in-class retailers providing compretheynsive solutions that facilitate tthey real estate strategies and growth plans.  While we continue to strengttheyn our best-in-class retail portfolio through record investment activity, we remain active on tthey disposition front during tthey third quarter. We continue to reduce exposure to franctheire restaurants and non-core tenants through tthey disposition of 3 properties for total gross proceeds of approximately $11.8 million with a weighted average cap rate of 6.3%. As of 9/30, we've disposed of 13 properties for gross proceeds of just over $48 million and are maintaining our disposition guidance of $50 million to $75 million for tthey year. Bolstered by tthey recent addition of David Darling as our Vice President of Real Estate, tthey asset management team continues to diligently address upcoming lease maturities. Ttheyir efforts have to reduce our 2021 maturities to just 4 leases, representing 10 basis points of annualized base rents. During tthey third quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options in approximately 72,000 square feet of gross leasable area. For tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 347,000 square feet of gross leasable space. Our 2022 lease maturities are de minimis with only 19 leases maturing representing less than 1% of annualized base rents expiring over tthey course of tthey next year.  As of September 30, our expanding retail portfolio consisted of 1,338 properties across 47 states, including 162 ground leases and remains effectively fully occupied at 99.6%. Notably, and as pointed out in our press release, Walgreens and LA Fitness are no longer top tenants for our company. Both now represent less than 1.5% of annualized base rents. For those that have been following our company over tthey years, ttheir reduction in Walgreens exposure is a true milestone given our theirtorical exposure which once approactheyd 40% of our portfolio. We have made a concerted effort to approach to tailor our pharmacy exposure given tthey high per square foot rental rates of many vintage pharmacy leases and tthey diversion approactheys of CVS and Walgreens to a quickly changing landscape.  Before I turn tthey call over to Peter to discuss our financial results, I'd like to welcome Mike Judlowe to our Board of Directors. Many of you are familiar with Mike as they most recently served as Chairman of tthey U.S. Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment banking practice at Jefferies. Over tthey course of their career, Mike has raised in excess of $50 billion of capital through numerous transactions. Having had tthey opportunity to work with Mike for many years, I am extremely excited to leverage their unique perspectives and experiences as our company continues to dynamically grow and evolve. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter. Peter? Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings. Core funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $0.92 per share, representing a 13% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter increased 11.5% year-over-year to $0.89. As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior to settlement if and wtheyn ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly $0.05 in tthey third quarter. As mentioned on tthey last 2 calls, we expect to achieve high single-digit earnings growth for full year AFFO per share. Building upon our 6% AFFO per share growth in 2020, ttheir implies 2-year stacked growth in tthey mid-teens. We view ttheir level of per share growth is very compelling wtheyn combined with tthey strength of our portfolio and our fortress-like balance ttheyyet. Ttheir consistent and reliable earnings growth continues to support our growing and well-covered dividend.  During tthey third quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.217 per common share for July, August and September. On an annualized basis, tthey monthly dividends represent an 8.5% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey third quarter of last year. While meaningfully increasing tthey common dividend over tthey past year, we maintain conservative payout ratios for tthey third quarter of 71% of core FFO per share and 73% of AFFO per share, respectively. Subsequent to quarter end, we again increased tthey monthly cash dividend by 4.6% to $0.227 per common share for October. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.72 per share or a 9.8% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.48 per share from tthey fourth quarter of 2020. On a 2-year stack basis, ttheir reflects annualized dividend growth of more than 15%.  General and administrative expenses for tthey third quarter, which were impacted by recent changes to tthey company's executive officers, totaled $5.7 million. G&A expense was 6.5% of total revenue or 6% excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. While we continue to invest in people and systems to support our dynamic and growing business, we still anticipate that G&A as a percentage of total revenue will be roughly 7% for full year 2021. Ttheir excludes tthey impact of lease intangible amortization on total revenues. As mentioned last quarter, G&A expense for our acquisitions team fluctuates based on acquisition volume for tthey year. And our current anticipation for G&A expense reflects acquisition volume within our new guidance range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion.  Total income tax expense for tthey third quarter was approximately $390,000, which was slightly lower than our expectation due to a onetime refund. We continue to anticipate total income tax expense for 2021 to be close to $2.5 million.  Moving on to our capital markets activities for tthey quarter. As Joey mentioned, in September, we completed our inaugural preferred equity offering, raising $175 million of gross proceeds at a record low coupon of 4.25%. Ttheir attractive offering demonstrates our ability to opportunistically access yet anottheyr source of capital to support tthey continued growth of our company. During tthey third quarter, we entered into forward sale agreements in connection with our ATM program to sell an aggregate of approximately 367,000 shares of common stock for anticipated net proceeds of roughly $27 million. During tthey quarter, we also settled close to 886,000 shares under forward ATM sale agreements and received net proceeds of approximately $56 million. At quarter end, we had approximately 3.4 million shares remaining to be settled under existing forward sale agreements, which are anticipated to raise net proceeds of more than $226 million upon settlement. Inclusive of tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity, our fortified balance ttheyyet stood at approximately 3.7x net debt to recurring EBITDA. Excluding tthey impact of our unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.4x. If you include our recent preferred equity offering and net debt, ttheir adds roughly 0.5 turn of leverage to our net debt to recurring EBITDA metrics. At 9/30, total debt to enterprise value was just under 25%, while our fixed charge coverage increased to a record 5.1x. With full availability under our revolving credit facility and nearly $830 million in total liquidity, we have tremendous flexibility to execute on our growth plans. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Bradley Heffern I was wondering on tthey acquisition front, if you could talk through tthey relative attractiveness of tthey investment grade versus sub-investment grade ttheir quarter? I noticed it was a little bit below tthey normal proportion for tthey portfolio overall, and it was down quite a bit sequentially. Joel Agree Brad, first off, we're focused in our sandbox of industry-leading retailers that 25 to 30 retailers across tthey country that have generally speaking, have investment-grade credit ratings and/or a ground lease asset, wtheyre we see residual upside. And so notably, ttheir quarter, we acquired a shorter-term out lab portfolio of unrated tenants. We don't impute any scores or rating to those included ttheyre a Chipotle, KFC franctheire and Outback Steakhouse. Just for example, tthey Outback is paying $9.50 a foot on tthey 2-acre site, $63,000 a year, we see tremendous upside if we were able to get that asset back. We acquired a Publics. Obviously, it doesn't have a credit rating, you can impute an investment-grade credit rating to Publics, if you like, in South Danielina.  Lastly, we acquired BJs in Wallingford, Connecticut immediately adjacent to tthey Lowe's we own in Wallingford as well, right on tthey toll road, great piece of real estate, high-performing store, low rent and clear visibility into tthey residual of tthey real estate ttheyre. So you'll see those numbers investment grade and/or term ground lease as well fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, but I think over tthey course of tthey year, it's pretty consistent. Bradley Heffern Okay. Got it. And ttheyn on ground lease, you all continue to acquire sort of tthey third level every quarter. Is that what we should sort of think of as tthey long-term goal for ground leases as a percentage of tthey portfolio? Any color you could put around how big you wanted to eventually be? Joel Agree We see, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, tremendous opportunity. We think tthey valuation of that portfolio wtheyn you comp it to something like tthey BBB index is extremely compelling. In terms of a go-forward basis, we're opportunists at our core. Tthey Outback that I just mentioned is a perfect example ttheyre. We'd love to get that asset back and re-lease it for 3x of tthey current rent. So we'll see those transactions continue to materialize. Ttheyre's a number of ttheym in Q4, visibility into 2022 is still pretty light theyre at tthey beginning of November, but we're focused on finding best-in-class opportunities on a risk-adjusted basis. Operator Our next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Ryan McConnell Can you discuss what tthey acquisition pipeline looks like today? And have you seen any notable changes in tthey opportunities that are pricing trends that might contribute to some conservatism that you're assuming for [indiscernible]. Joel Agree Katy, I wouldn't read too much into tthey upper end of our guidance being raised. Ttheyre's certainly no deceleration in our pipeline. We have a few hundred million dollars, close to 100 properties in our pipeline today. It's really just a question of timing wtheyn those close. So does it close by year-end? Does it push into next year? A lot of that is under our control subject to a seller and/or our retailer.  And so I can say with confidence theyre tthey pipeline is in place to continue to execute on tthey granular nature of our traditional transactions or a much larger transaction if that comes about -- or comes to fruition. So you can combine tthey team theyre in conjunction with our ARC system, it's a powerful combination. We'll continue to execute. I wouldn't read into any guidance not being raised at year-end theyre or tthey $1.4 billion not being raised, it's quite possible we will hit it or exceed it subject to timing. Michael Bilerman Joe, it's Michael Bilerman. Just going back to tthey ground lease portfolio, and you and I discussed ttheir earlier wtheyn you started to really accelerate tthey ground lease assets. If you're not going to get a commensurate decline in your cost of capital, and I can understand tthey residual value that could be embedded in some of ttheyse, which are quite long duration, so it's not always immediate in terms of getting to that opportunity. And I'm sure you're going to come to examples that you have. But in aggregate, you're not going to be able to get tthey residual value as quickly. And I'm not sure tthey market gives you value especially if your cost of capital is not declining to tthey same degree to create tthey same level of accretive growth. So I guess, are you thinking at all about different structures for tthey ground lease portfolio, or how do you theylp us understand why buying a ground lease, even I understand tthey risk-adjusted relative BBB's argument, but that's not how your stock sort of trades. And so I'm just trying to better understand why go after lower-yielding even if ttheyy are more secure longer term, how does that really drive your cash flow growth to which would we get a higtheyr multiple? Joel Agree No, I appreciate tthey question. We've obviously made a focus theyre an emphasis -- or an emphasis on communicating and articulating tthey value proposition of tthey ground lease portfolio. First, we're not reaching for yield in terms of chasing cap rates or -- in tthey ground lease portfolio, generally, tthey ground lease assets on an individual basis at acquisition are in line with our acquisition cap rate. What we've done is pivot with our capabilities, with our relationships with retailers and owners, developers, sellers is really a flight to quality. And so we see tremendous upside. Now ttheyse aren't 99-year ground leases, i.e., leasehold interest or something of tthey like in tthey safehold wtheyre 99-year ground leases and you're never getting tthey residual back. Tthey Outback is a good example of that. I think it's -- ttheyre's 2 ways to go in an environment wtheyre you see continued cap rate compression. It's continued to drive toward quality and find asymmetric and unique opportunities, or you can go up tthey risk curve in terms of credit or term or single-purpose buildings, which you won't see us do. So I think tthey premise of that question, we're not going to reach for yield in terms of ground lease. Ttheyy're going to be effectively in tthey same range as our standard net leases. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn if we can just transition to tthey CFO side of tthey equation. Obviously, you and Simon Leopold sort of I guess, broke up in mid-August. You only come into tthey CFO role in 6 or 7 months before that. He was a Board member for a period of time before that. And look, over tthey years, you've -- ttheir will be CFO, I think #4 or #5 over tthey last decade.  Help us understand what's going on in that role? Why isn't ttheyre more? And I know you're going to go -- I know every situation is specific, but it's rare to see tthey turnover in a company that's growing as fast as yours and it has performed well and hasn't had tthey hiccups that you would normally see with a lot of executive turnover. So what is it about that role that's not getting sticky within tthey company? And how are you thinking about filling tthey role going forward? And just take us through a little bit of what's happened. Joel Agree Yes. No, I appreciate tthey question. Peter, can you plug your ears or leave tthey room, please? Just kidding. Well, look, I think Simon and Joey didn't break up. That's first of all. Ttheyre was no personal animosity. Ttheyre was no challenge in our personally or strategic challenge ttheyre in terms of tthey performance of tthey company on a go-forward basis. That was just a case of operating styles or operating models not sinking. It was obviously -- it was disappointing for us. We quickly pivoted and understood that we needed to separate. And I think both parties -- it's better off for both parties ttheyre. So that's what I'll say about Simon. We only wish them tthey best and continues to be a friend.  In terms of tthey CFO, look, we've had a -- we will continue to execute on ttheir search. We will do our diligence. Peter is doing a tremendous job, you can unplug your ears now. Peter is doing a tremendous job theyre executing on tthey preferred offering and now earnings. We're going to continue to do our diligence on ttheir search. It's been a unique circumstances and set of events with ttheyse CFOs. 2 left on ttheyir own volition for ottheyr for -- 1 for a personal reason and 1 for a professional opportunity that didn't work out for ttheym in anottheyr state.  And so it's incumbent upon us to make tthey right choice for ttheir seat for ttheir company. Most importantly, ttheir is an operating seat. And so it's -- we're not out ttheyre pontificating or thinking strategically about things that are aligned with our operating strategy. Everyone theyre in tthey 60-person company rolls up ttheyir sleeves and has to execute to really a disciplined operating strategy. So that's most important. And we've taken tthey last several months theyre, a few months to really evaluate ttheir seat. I've had a number of conversations with not only candidates but existing REIT CEOs as well as under industries to think about how tthey CFO search theyre should culminate in a permanent successor. I mean David Wolff, our Chief Accounting Officer, is sitting theyre. We have a fantastic Chief Accounting Officer in David, an accounting team that's really closing tthey books theyre in day-to-day accounting. And so -- now it's incumbent upon us to figure out what tthey right role and responsibilities for tthey CFO theyre at Agree Realty and a growing company like ours. Michael Bilerman Right. I guess is ttheyre any introspective that you have on yourself or tthey Board? Because it is -- I know every situation has got ttheyir reasons or rationale. It just has happened a little bit often. So I'm just wondering if ttheyre's a reflection of maybe your own management style or how you like to work with people, how tthey Board is involved. I mean it is rare, right? You obviously knew Simon well. He was a board member even for a short period of time. Ttheyse things don't happen that often, Joey. And I feel like it's come up you've had to explain things away too many times. And so I'm just trying to understand if ttheyre's a larger thing going on that's not keeping tthey CFO's butt in ttheyir seats. Joel Agree Tthey succinct answer to that question -- tthey last part of tthey question is no. Ttheyre is no larger thing going on. Ttheir isn't a personal dynamic with Joey. Ttheir is right -- ttheir is part of being a -- part of a broader leadership team at a growing and dynamic company. Even comparing tthey CFO seat today to 2 years ago, let alone 3, 4, 5 years ago theyre required just such different skill sets. 5.5 years ago, we moved into tthey current building that we're in with 14, 15 employees. Today, we're at 60 team members theyre. And so I think to tthey first part of your question, yes, 100%, ttheyre is an introspective look in tthey mirror. We'd be ignorant, frankly, not to look in tthey mirror and say, what do we have to do differently, but also and what can we do better.  But also what is -- how has ttheir role changed in context of tthey overall growth of ttheir company. We're a $7 billion, or approaching $7 billion enterprise, more likely than not soon to be $10 billion enterprise with a dynamic team theyre. And so tthey introspective piece theyre is both -- looking backwards, but also looking forward. And again, I would emphasize that ttheir is a team that is committed to producing consistent results and also is committed to working both in and on tthey business. We aren't golfers theyre. We take ttheir thing seriously. We operate it like it's a private company in tthey sense that we have an ownership mentality, that's probably our most important core value. Operator Our next question comes from Elijah Tsai with Jefferies. Elijah Tsai Looking at Slide 16 of your IR deck, Sandbox offers runway for growth, and you show tthey different retailer categories, wtheyre are you seeing tthey best opportunities from a risk-adjusted basis as you continue to build tthey pipeline for 2022? Joel Agree Elijah, I think it's across tthey full spectrum for us. So we saw tthey surge in grocery due to tthey Kroger transaction and tthey Wegmans transaction in Q2. Now, ttheir quarter, we see diversion again, we've emphasized tthey Amazon Fresh third in tthey portfolio, but it's really across tthey sectors that we're targeting, but most importantly, across tthey Sandbox of retailers. Obviously, tthey ground lease opportunities span tthey full spectrum all tthey way from a casual dining opportunity like tthey Outback I highlighted to a Walmart, Costco, Lowe's or Home Depot. And so it's pretty fragmented ttheir quarter, tthey C-store emphasis with tthey Thorntons transaction as well as a ground lease to Royal Farms that we also acquired. We're very unique. But tthey most interesting part about ttheir business is tthey pipeline changes every day. And again, I emphasize ttheyre's no rhyme or reason for that change. It's what tthey origination team continues to dig up. So I'd tell you, it's extremely divergent. Elijah Tsai Got it. And ttheyn just given tthey lift that retailers have seen across tthey board in 2021, has your underwriting changed at all to accommodate for ttheir more positive environment? I know you mostly have material exposure to necessity-based in IG retailers. But even ttheyse guys have done a little bit better than usual. Joel Agree No, I'd tell you it hasn't changed our underwriting. If anything, it's emphasized that we have a firm belief that tthey strong or tthey big are getting bigger, tthey access to capital, ttheyir balance ttheyyet, ttheyir ability to invest in price, even in a supply-constrained environment and compete as well as ttheyir ability to invest in an omnichannel future. So what we've seen sales surges, pent-up demand across tthey categories. We've seen some idiosyncrasies in different sectors. Everyone's got a bike or a shotgun or whatever ttheyy're buying an Academy Sports today.  We've seen some unique changes ttheyre, but we think those are cyclical or cyclical and we'll normalize theyre, hopefully sooner rattheyr than later in terms of consumer behavior. So tthey environment continues to be what we expect. Tthey big have tthey access to capital. Ttheyy have tthey ability to invest in those 2 most important pieces of ttheyir business today, competitive on price and an omnichannel future, which obviously is paramount. Elijah Tsai Just one last one. On tthey past couple of earnings calls, you've verbalized your earnings growth expectations for tthey year. For 2022, should we expect tthey same type of communication? Joel Agree It's a good question. Look, we're looking at all options, including providing all tthey way from providing formal earnings guidance all tthey way to a similar strategy we've executed ttheir year. I'll tell you, our expectation is a continued upper single digits earnings growth profile in terms of AFFO. We have tthey ability to do that with an extremely strong balance ttheyyet, investing in tthey best retailers in tthey country with superior real estate. And that's what you're going to see us execute and do. Operator Our next question comes from Teo Okasana [ph] with Credit Suisse. Unidentified Analyst Joey, you guys are still pretty bullish on your acquisition outlook. A bunch of your peers put out '22 guidance ttheir morning as well with very strong acquisition outlook. I guess what I'm curious about is, number one, what's kind of really driving everyone still being so bullish and being able to kind of match or even be kind of what a record acquisition volumes ttheir year, especially given tthey backdrop of everyone getting concerned about higtheyr interest rates, higtheyr inflation and things of that sort. Joel Agree Yes. I wouldn't want to answer for our peers. Ours is opportunistic. It's 100 transactions approximately, right, at any given time, moving through our pipeline, average price points of $4 million to $5 million, ranging from $1 million to $80 million. I wouldn't want to speak for our peers. I'll tell you, across REIT, wtheyn you see favorable cost of capital, you see, generally speaking, companies deploy ttheym in terms of external growth.  And tthey next question is, what is tthey quality of tthey underlying real estate credit residual that ttheyse people are acquiring? And so I know what our strategy is specifically theyre, it starts with that omnichannel critical, e-commerce-resistant necessity-based approach on a granular basis, open to larger opportunities if ttheyy fit within tthey context of ttheir portfolio and obviously are accretive. I can't speak for what ottheyr -- what ottheyr REITs or ottheyr peers are acquiring. But I think given tthey favorable cost of capital, you see ttheym continuing to achieve spreads that ttheyy think make sense in context of ttheyir overall portfolios. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick second question. You guys have relatively low leverage at ttheir point. Why tthey decision to go down tthey pref route rattheyr than just kind of issue straight up debt that would have a lower interest rate? Joel Agree I'll turn that question over to Peter. I'd tell you, wtheyn we theyard 4.25% as Peter mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, a non-PSA record at 4.25%, it was extremely attractive. Now obviously, that preferred equity is a hybrid security. We think perpetual paper at 4.25% with a callability feature after 5 years attractive and again, non-PSA record. I'll turn that over to Peter. He really executed on that deal. Peter Cougtheynour Yes. Thanks, Joey. I would just mention wtheyn we've theirtorically looked at market to Joey's point, tthey pricing hasn't always made sense in tthey context of ottheyr capital sources. But ttheir past summer, we saw several REITs print very low coupons relative to what ttheyy've been able to achieve theirtorically. And thought it made sense for us to explore that market furttheyr. Tthey market dynamics wtheyn we're taking a look favorable. Ttheyre's a lot of demand for high-quality investment-grade paper. And given that anticipated pricing and strong demand as well as tthey fact, we really didn't have a need for a $300 million index eligible bonds, we thought that it made sense to issue our inaugural preferred offering and really open up anottheyr source of capital for tthey company as we continue to grow. In terms of tthey execution of that offering, tthey demand was stronger than we anticipated. And we were able to upsize tthey deal from $100 million to $175 million in time pricing down to 4.25%, as Joey mentioned, with a really strong order book and strong institutional demand. So it was great execution for tthey company. Operator Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Wesley Golladay I just want to stick with tthey preferred. I mean wtheyn I look at tthey portfolio, it's very high quality and tthey company's balance ttheyyet is very strong with low leverage and it is a risk-on environment. So I want to see what your appetite is to get a little bit more leverage to tthey common via tthey preferred? Joel Agree Well, I think tthey preferred auto intheyrently, if you look at net debt plus preferred to EBITDA, intheyrently levers us up an additional half a turn. Now again, with no maturity in callability to perpetual paper, our stated range of 4 to 5x is exclusive of that preferred in that half turn that adds to our current leverage profile. So it does provide for us to "lever up." Obviously, wtheyn we look at it both in both directions theyre, both as an equity substitute as well as tthey ability to add incremental leverage without a maturity. Wesley Golladay So would, I guess, half a turn be wtheyre you would be comfortable with as you grow tthey company? Joel Agree Certainly, I mean it's -- again, our stated range of 4 to 5x is exclusive of tthey preferred, but we're certainly comfortable at 5.5x with tthey preferred. So inclusive of tthey preferred. So you can look at it and we understand investors and sell side look at it both ways, preferred as well as tthey rating agencies, we've had continued dialogue with, as Peter mentioned, tthey ability to raise $175 million at 4.25%, effectively right on our weighted average cost of capital and ttheyn invested with 200 basis point spreads in tthey perpetuity ttheyre, it's -- we think that was extremely attractive for us. Wesley Golladay Got it. And ttheyn I guess wtheyn you talk to existing tenants, I guess, what is your appetite for new projects to go into tthey development and PCS project pipeline for next year? Joel Agree So it varies across tthey board, by tenant and generally by sector. We see a lot of activity, obviously, in tthey off-price space. We see a lot of activity in tthey auto and tire service space. And so it truly varies. At tthey same time, we see tthey home improvement retailers, most notably Home Depot and Lowe's not looking for net new stores but investing in ttheyir omnichannel distribution initiatives. And so it varies across retailers. Ttheyre are definitely retailers on a freestanding basis that are expanding throughout ttheir country. Our third Amazon Fresh store. Obviously, ttheyy're expanding and people read tthey news. And so it really varies by retailer and by sector today. You have guys that are contracting and guys that are growing aggressively. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Well, thank you for joining us, everybody, today. We look forward to catching up virtually at tthey upcoming May REIT in about 10 days. We'll talk to you soon. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.