ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Terry Hamilton - Investor Relations Manager Chris Martin - Former Chief Executive Officer Timothy Herron - Chief Commercial Officer Joe Camardo - Chief Medical Officer Jenn Creel - Chief Financial Officer Ameet Mallik - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Raymond Shi - Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Mitctheyll and I will be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn tthey call over to Terry Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager. Terry, you may begin. Terry Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2022 financial results and tthey business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT Web site at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Chris Martin, Former Chief Executive Officer; Timothy Herron, Chief Commercial Officer; Joe Camardo, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our first quarter 2022 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. We will also have a brief introduction from our new Chief Executive Officer, Ameet Mallik. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements, we refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement regarding forward-looking statements and Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey US Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's first quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to Chris Martin. Chris? Chris Martin Thank you, Terry and good morning ,everyone. Since co-founding ADC Ttheyrapeutics in 2011, I've had tthey privilege of taking our proprietary ADC technology from discovery, to tthey bench, to tthey clinic, ttheyn to our first FDA approval of ZYNLONTA. It is extremely rewarding to see ZYNLONTA benefiting patients and addressing an unmet need in tthey third line plus DLBCL market. I've seen tthey company grow from a private startup to a New York Stock Exchange listed company. We now have over 300 employees, a commercial product on tthey market in ZYNLONTA, Cami progressing to a BLA submission and five promising solid tumor programs in development. Tthey approval of ZYNLONTA was a highlight for me and since ttheyn, I've been contemplating my next steps. With tthey company and tthey pipeline in such a strong position, I’m delighted to hand tthey CEO role to Ameet Mallik. I'm extremely confident that they is tthey right person to lead tthey company into its next chapter of growth from theyre. Logistically, I will serve as an advisor to tthey company tthey next three months to ensure a seamless transition. And I'm very happy to be serving as a non executive member of tthey Board of Directors and tthey chair of tthey Science and Technology Committee. Ameet has a significant experience in oncology and commercialization and a compelling vision for leading ADC Ttheyrapeutics in its next phase of growth. Ameet spent 16 years at Novartis, wtheyre they ultimately served as Executive Vice President and Head of US oncology a 6 billion division of Novartis. Prior to that, they theyld various leadership roles at Novartis Oncology, including Head of Global Marketing, Value and Access and Head of Latin America and Canada. He also served as global theyad of biopharmaceuticals and oncology injectables at Sandoz, and Head of Global Strategic Planning at Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Ameet most recently served as CEO of Rafale Holdings, a biotech company focused on developing oncology and immune ttheyrapies. ADCT will benefit greatly from Ameet's wide range of operational and strategic experiences, as well as their oncology expertise. I would like to formally welcome Ameet to tthey ADC team and invite them to say a few words. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Chris, for tthey kind introduction and tthey warm welcome. I'm thrilled to join tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics team. I've had tthey pleasure of meeting tthey board and many members of tthey executive team, and I'm impressed by tthey company's unwavering commitment to developing novel cancer treatments for patients. In addition to tthey people and culture of tthey company, I was drawn to tthey industry leading ADC platform and cutting edge technology. ADCT has an impressive portfolio of pipeline assets and a very productive research team. In addition, I'm pleased to join a commercial stage company with a differentiated product in ZYNLONTA and its potential to move into earlier lines of ttheyrapy. I'm excited by tthey opportunity to build on tthey solid foundation to take tthey company to our next phase of growth and to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. In tthey coming weeks, I look forward to meeting our employees across sites to understanding tthey business and portfolio plans at a deeper level and to engaging with many of you. I want to thank Chris for their partnership and their transition, and I look forward to continuing to work with Chris in tthey future.  With that, I will hand tthey call back over to Chris for business updates. Chris Martin Now I'm very pleased to share an update on our progress during tthey first quarter of 2022. Starting with tthey ZYNLONTA launch, we delivered $16.5 million in net sales in Q1. We are encouraged by tthey progress of tthey launch to date and our ability to provide a truly differentiated treatment option to DLBCL patients. Sales in tthey first quarter were unfavorably impacted by our customers’ modest inventory build at tthey end of 2021, and ttheyre were fewer new patient starts in DLBCL in Q1, which was exacerbated by tthey Omicron surge. However, we are pleased to see increasing product awareness, familiarity, trial and repeat ordering. With face to face opportunities trending upwards through Q1, we are confident in our ability to continue to grow ZYNLONTA as we strive to establish ZYNLONTA as a third line standard-of-care for DLBCL. Timothy Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer, will share more details on tthey Q1 launch dynamics a bit later in ttheir call. Moving on ZYNLONTA development plan. We are exploring tthey potential of ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab in first and second line DLBCL. We have our LOTIS-5 clinical trial, which is tthey ongoing confirmatory Phase 3 study in second line patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. As you will recall, we successfully completed tthey safety leaded for ttheir study, which also showed additive efficacy. And we continue to enroll patients in tthey randomized portion of ttheir study. In addition, we also plan to initiate LOTIS-9, our first line study in unfit or frail patients later ttheir year. For Cami, tthey 12-month patient follow-up in tthey pivotal Phase 2 trial has been completed. We have submitted that data in an abstract for an upcoming theymatology conference, and we are preparing for a pre-BLA meeting with tthey FDA. We remain excited about our promising pipeline of solid tumor programs, including three clinical programs, ttheyse are; Cami targeting CD25, ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 and ADCT-601 targeting AXL. We also have two ottheyr solid tumor programs in IND enabling studies; ADCT-701 targeting DLK-1 and ADCT-212 targeting PSMA. Dr. Joe Camardo, our Chief Medical Officer, will elaborate on ttheyse and our ottheyr programs shortly. Finally, we ended tthey quarter with a strong cash position of $431 million, which gives us a substantial cash runway to continue investing in tthey ZYNLONTA launch, lifecycle and our pipeline. In addition, we have up to $100 million in potential milestones from our Healthcare Royalty partners agreement. Looking to expand our access to patients globally, we are pleased that tthey Overland ADCT BioPharm joint venture continues to make good progress with tthey continued enrollment of tthey pivotal trial. We are making solid progress in our partnership with Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharmaceutical Corporation in Japan. And finally, we continue to advance our regulatory submission in Europe. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Timothy to report on tthey ZYNLONTA launch. Timothy? Timothy Herron Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share an update on tthey progress of tthey ZYNLONTA launch and report our Q1 performance with ZYNLONTA net sales of $16.5 million. As we mentioned on tthey Q4 earnings call, we did see a modest customer inventory build at tthey end of tthey year, which we believe we have worked through during tthey first quarter. In addition, ttheyre was a decrease in DLBCL new patient starts in Q1 2022 versus tthey prior quarter. Tthey decrease in new patient starts is largely attributable to insurance benefit reverification as well as COVID related impact. Tthey Omicron surge during tthey first half of Q1 also impacted face to face interactions, especially with compretheynsive cancer centers, academic institutions and integrated theyalthcare systems. Regarding ZYNLONTA Q1 launch dynamics, we have made significant progress in terms of increasing product awareness, familiarity, trial and adoption. We have seen increased ZYNLONTA patient share in tthey third line plus setting with theyalthcare professionals confirming that ttheyir real world experience with ZYNLONTA is consistent with our LOTIS-2 pivotal data. Importantly, face-to-face engagements increased throughout tthey quarter and are above tthey industry benchmark of 50% of total interactions. Since launch over 75% of accounts that have ordered ZYNLONTA have reordered, reflecting a positive physician and patient experience. Over 96% of our priority accounts have ordered ZYNLONTA with approximately 90% of priority accounts reordering. Importantly, 94% of NCCN centers have ordered ZYNLONTA. In Q1, we continue to drive account depth and breadth. We grew our ordering account base 40% versus 2021 with two thirds of Q1 new accounts coming from tthey community, and we expect continued new community account acquisition with tthey full execution of our permanent J-code. With higtheyr volumes of third line plus patients in academic centers, we continue to see about 60% of ZYNLONTA volume through academic accounts. ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile continues to resonate with tthey HemOc community. As you will recall in our pivotal Phase 2 trial, nearly half of all patients receiving ZYNLONTA reactheyd a PR or better. Importantly, 25% of patients treated with ZYNLONTA achieved a CR with a median time to CR of six weeks. Ttheir efficacy in combination with our tolerable side effect profile and convenient administration continues to be a very competitive and compelling choice for HCPs and patients. We are pleased to have received tthey permanent J-code, J9359, which was effective as of April 1st. Since April 1st, we have executed our cross functional communication plan to our prioritized payers, including revisions of a significant number of major medical policies with our permanent J-code. We have received positive feedback from community practices and importantly, major community oncology networks, representing opportunities for ZYNLONTA growth in tthey coming quarters. In summary, despite tthey Q1 theyadwinds, we are pleased with tthey launch progress to date and more importantly, our opportunities for future growth. We remain confident in tthey continued successful launch of ZYNLONTA, as well as its long-term value as tthey standard of care in third line plus and tthey cornerstone for DLBCL treatment overall. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Joe to provide an update on our clinical development portfolio and research pipeline. Joe? Joe Camardo Thank you, Timothy. I will start with updating you on tthey ZYNLONTA development programs. We continue to direct our efforts to tthey combination of ZYNLONTA with rituximab in both tthey second and first line treatment for DLBCL. Ttheir combination offers tthey opportunity for patients to be treated with a regimen that will be effective, well tolerated and straightforward to administer. And ttheir regimen will also address significant unmet needs that persist despite recent advances and ottheyr treatments for DLBCL. Tthey Phase 3 registrational study LOTIS-5 in second line DLBCL is proceeding for patients who are non-eligible for stem cell transplant. Tthey safety part of tthey trial showed good safety and good tolerability, and tthey data suggests tthey combination is adequate. Based on ttheir, tthey randomized phase of tthey 350 patient trial continues to enroll at sites around tthey world. Later ttheir year, we will initiate LOTIS-9, a study to evaluate ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab in first line DLBCL patients who are unfit or frail. Ttheir is a segment of tthey first line DLBCL patient population that is unable to tolerate tthey full R-CHOP regimen. Our advisors tell us that ttheyre is a significant unmet need in ttheyse unfit or frail patients. For ttheyse patients, ttheyre have been no specific advances that take advantage of tthey new drugs, partly because ttheyse patients are routinely excluded from clinical trials. We have engaged with physicians and oncology networks who see unfit and frail patients on a regular basis, and ttheyre's keen interest to find a new regimen that will be an improvement and an innovation for ttheir population. Ttheir quarter, we will also initiate our LOTIS-7 umbrella study. Based on strong preclinical data and our interest to develop combinations for ZYNLONTA with new drugs, ttheir study will allow multiple combination arms. We will start with tthey combination of ZYNLONTA and polatuzumab. For our Phase 2 LOTIS-6 trial in relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma, as a reminder, tthey comparator idelalisib was voluntarily withdrawn from tthey follicular lymphoma market. Ttheir study remains on hold while we work with our advisors and tthey FDA on potential next steps. Overall, we remain very excited about tthey opportunity to expand tthey use of ZYNLONTA in first and second lines for DLBCL patients. We are fully focused on tthey execution of ttheyse trials and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Turning to Cami in Hodgkin lymphoma, tthey 12-month patient follow-up in tthey pivotal Phase 2 data has been completed. We have submitted tthey data in an abstract for an upcoming theymatology conference. We are in tthey process of compiling a briefing book in advance of a pre-BLA meeting with tthey FDA, and we will share our plans for tthey regulatory submission with you later ttheir year.  Now moving on to our solid tumor portfolio. First, we have our ongoing Cami Phase 1b safety and efficacy dose escalation trial in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. We have completed escalation to 80 micrograms per kilogram and are now proceeding to tthey 100 microgram per kilogram dose. While proceeding with escalation, we also started a small dose expansion cohort at 60 micrograms per kilogram. Tthey study was designed to allow for expansion and enrollment of tthey small number of patients at any dose of which activity was observed, so that's what we did. Wtheyn we complete tthey escalation and tthey optimum dose has been determined, tthey study will enter a dose expansion stage. We expect to have data on tthey safety and tolerability of tthey combination, as well as signals of efficacy next year. I'm personally very fortunate to be in a position theyre at ADC to explore tthey potential of ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1. It is a truly novel first in class candidate for tthey treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors. Tthey dose escalation of tthey Phase 1 study started at 15 micrograms per kilogram. We have completed tthey 30 microgram per kilogram dose level and we are now at tthey flat dose of 4.5 milligrams. We expect to have an initial indication of tthey safety and tolerability as well as early signal of anti tumor activity by 2023. Like any dose escalation program, tthey exact timing is hard to predict.  Next, we have ADCT-601, mipasetamab uzoptirine, our product that is directed to tthey surface protein called AXL. Ttheir protein is overexpressed in many solid tumors and it's highly prevalent in sarcoma. We expect to initiate tthey Phase 1b in tthey coming weeks. Tthey study includes a monottheyrapy arm in patients in whom actual gene amplification is detected and a combination arm with gemcitabine in patients with sarcoma. In addition to our clinical programs, we have two advanced preclinical solid tumor programs, ADCT-701 targeting DLK 1, which we're developing for neuroendocrine malignancies in collaboration with tthey National Cancer Institute. Our ADCT-212 program is our optimized second generation PBD based ADC targeting PSMA, validated target for metastatic prostate cancer. We are currently completing IND enabling work for both of ttheyse programs. As you can see, we continue to make great progress with our development and preclinical programs, and we have a robust and active pipeline. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jen to give a financial update. Jenn? Jenn Creel Thank you, Joe and good morning, everyone. As we reported in tthey press release issued earlier today, ZYNLONTA net sales were $16.5 million for tthey first quarter 2022. As of March 31st, we had cash and cash equivalents of $431 million as compared to $467 million as of December 31, 2021. Ttheir does not include up to $100 million in potential milestones from our Healthcare Royalty partners transaction. During tthey first quarter, we received tthey $30 million upfront from Mitsubishi Tanabe for a ZYNLONTA Japanese license agreement. We used approximately $34 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey first quarter of 2022. R&D expenses were $49 million to tthey first quarter 2022 compared to $39 million for tthey same quarter 2021. R&D expense increased for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022 as compared to tthey same quarter in 2021 as a result of our investments in ZYNLONTA trials in earlier lines of treatment and advancing our broad portfolio. Selling and marketing expenses were $18 million for tthey first quarter 2022 compared to $14 million for tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey increase in selling and marketing for tthey quarter reflects tthey expenses for tthey ZYNLONTA launch and ongoing commercial efforts as ZYNLONTA was approved in tthey second quarter of last year. G&A expenses were $19 million for tthey quarter compared to $18 million for tthey same quarter 2021. G&A expenses increased for tthey first quarter 2022 as compared to tthey same quarter and 2021, primarily due to increases in professional fees associated with tthey Japanese license agreement. Net loss was $17 million for tthey first quarter compared to a net loss of $52 million for tthey same quarter 2021. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.22 in tthey first quarter compared to a net loss per share of $0.67 for tthey same quarter 2021. Adjusted net loss, a measure that excludes certain items as described in tthey press release issued earlier today, was $28 million for tthey first quarter compared to an adjusted net loss of $57 million in tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.36 for tthey first quarter compared to an adjusted net loss per share of $0.74 for tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey decrease in net loss and adjusted net loss for tthey first quarter 2022 as compared to tthey same quarter 2021 was primarily driven by license revenue of $30 million arising from tthey Mitsubishi Tanabe agreement. Ttheyse decreases were partially offset by tthey increase in R&D and selling and marketing expenses I mentioned earlier. In addition, net loss decreased for tthey first quarter of 2022 as a result of income arising from a cumulative catch up adjustment associated with tthey valuation of our deferred obligation with Healthcare Royalty partners, partially offset by higtheyr interest expense associated with our Deerfield credit facility and deferred obligation, both of which are excluded from our adjusted net loss. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Chris Martin Thank you, Ameet, Timothy, Joe and Jenn. To conclude, in tthey first quarter, we remain focused on executing on all areas of tthey business and we are well positioned to achieve our key objectives going forward. Ttheir includes driving tthey ZYNLONTA launch, working to develop ZYNLONTA in ottheyr lines of ttheyrapy, continuing to expand our geographic reach and advancing our pipeline of differentiated ecological and solid tumor programs. I'm looking forward to working with Ameet and tthey ADCT team. Now tthey team will be available for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Unidentified Analyst I'm Steve for Matttheyw. I want to ask for ZYNLONTA launch dynamic. I want to ask about how much impact was for Omicron versus new patient start, and have you ever seen an inflection in new patient starts in tthey recent months? Timothy Herron As we've mentioned, tthey launch environment and both and tthey third line plus DLBCL market dynamics have been uniquely challenging. But we're pleased with tthey progress we've made since launch of ZYNLONTA through Q1, which is less than a year on tthey market. I did mention in my remarks tthey Q1 theyadwinds of both tthey Q4 inventory build and burn, as well as tthey Omicron related impact, and it's hard to really separate out tthey two. As you know, we don't get necessarily patient level data but we did watch account activity carefully in Q4. I did mention that in Q1 we did not see an inventory build, tthey inventory levels have normalized. So I think that those impacts of lower level of patients presenting for treatment as well inventory build are tthey result of tthey Q1 net sales of $16.5 million. Unidentified Analyst Tthey second part is, have you seen an inflection in new patient starts in recent months? Timothy Herron So at ttheir time, we're not going to comment on Q2, we’ll be reporting our Q2 results in tthey August timeframe. We are encouraged though by tthey increased face-to-face interactions that we've seen opening up as we progress through Q1. We're very excited about tthey opportunity to fully launch our J-code, which was effective as of April 1st. Understanding that over time we'll be able to bring ZYNLONTA to patients in need in tthey community, as tthey patient distribution is a little different than in tthey academic institutions that see a fair number of concentrates, third line plus DLBCL patients. We're very excited that tthey ZYNLONTA product profile is holding up in tthey marketplace as we saw in LOTIS-2 and confident that we will be able to establish ZYNLONTA as a third line standard of care. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of Raymond Shi with Jefferies. Raymond Shi My first question is, would you be able to share tthey information on tthey breakdown in sales amount of patients who had a prior CAR-T treatment versus like a no prior CAR-T treatment? And my second question is, would you expect tthey patient prescribed from community centers having different patient baseline regarding tthey proportion of patients with prior CAR-T treatment? And if so truly expect a different sales ramp up at a community center versus academic centers? Chris Martin Timothy, do you want to take that? I don’t know also, Joe might want to comment from tthey medical side afterwards. Timothy Herron Chris, I'll take tthey first part and ttheyn I'll ask Joe for their input as well. So Raymond, thanks for your question. We’re very excited about tthey community opportunity. We do appreciate that on a per physician basis, tthey concentration of third line plus DLBCL patients is less than we see in tthey academic centers wtheyre we do have concentrated third line plus patients. In terms of your question with regard to prior CAR-T, we don't necessarily have patient level data so that we could understand ttheyir prior ttheyrapies or even ttheyir future ttheyrapies after ttheyy received ZYNLONTA. We have seen a lot of enthusiasm from thought leaders about tthey post CAR-T setting, because it is an emerging area of high unmet medical need. In tthey community what we're excited about is tthey opportunity to offer our differentiated product profile to patients in tthey community who perhaps are not CAR-T eligible or don't want to make tthey trip to a CAR-T center, because of our differentiated product profile, which has very robust single agent efficacy, very respectable response rates, including 25% CR with a very fast time to CR in just six weeks. And so for patients that want to stay in tthey community, we do think ZYNLONTA is tthey best agent for ttheym in tthey third line plus setting. So with tthey J-code, we're excited about bringing ZYNLONTA into tthey community for patients who need it. Operator [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Chris Martin for any furttheyr remarks. Chris Martin Operator, I thought you might have someone ttheyre. Well, thank you very much for joining our call today. It's been a real pleasure at leading ADC Ttheyrapeutics over tthey last 11 years. And in particular, I would like to thank each and every one of our employees for ttheyir real commitment to tthey company and ttheyir passion for tthey science and for serving patients. Ttheir has really been at tthey core and tthey driving force behind tthey progress of everything we've done, and will continue to be so I'm sure. I've also enjoyed working with you and getting to know many of you over tthey years. I'm delighted to be handing over to Ameet to lead ADC Ttheyrapeutics to tthey next chapter of our growth, and I'm sure you will enjoy working with them. So thank you all for your continued support. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Have a nice day everyone. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.