ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 18, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Hamilton - IR Officer Christoptheyr Martin - CEO & Director Jay Feingold - Chief Medical Officer, Head, Oncology Clinical Development & Senior VP Scott Creel - CFO Scott Herron - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Boris Peaker - Cowen and Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Q2 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir point, I'll hand it over to tthey speaker. Please begin your meeting. Daniel Hamilton Thank you, Operator. Ttheir morning, we issued our financial results and business highlights press release. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today are Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Jen Creel, Chief Financial Officer; and Jay Feingold, Chief Medical Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our second quarter 2020 financial results. In addition, Scott Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer, will be available for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements due to various factors. We refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements in Exhibit 99.2 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today for furttheyr information on forward-looking statements. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements to do so by applicable law. In addition, during today's call, we will be presenting certain non-IFRS financial information that ADC uses wtheyn monitoring and evaluating operational performance, generating future operating plans and making strategic decisions regarding tthey allocation of capital. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. We refer you to tthey section titled Use of Non-IFRS Financial Measures in Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today, for furttheyr information on non-IFRS financial measures, including reconciliation of IFRS to non-IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Daniel, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I'm pleased to be theyre today and to have tthey opportunity to say some of our recent corporate and clinical accomplishments. Before that, I would like to take a moment to thank our team who have shown tremendous resilience and flexibility during ttheyse challenging times and who have led tthey company through one of our most productive years to date. One such accomplishment is our recently completed upsized RPO, which we closed in May. We're excited to have begun ttheir next chapter and with tthey proceeds from tthey offering, we have tthey financial foundation to support our upcoming regulatory and clinical milestones. And importantly, our commercial build-out. We have built a robust clinical pipeline of highly innovative assets to address areas of high unmet medical need. Our lead product candidates, Lonca and Cami, have demonstrated significant clinical activity across broad populations of theyavily pretreated patients with manageable toxicity profiles in relapse and refractory diffused large B-cell lymphoma and Hodgkin's lymphoma, respectively. In addition, we have an exciting early-stage clinical and preclinical pipeline that furttheyr demonstrates tthey broad potential of our technology to address areas of high unmet needs. It is an exciting time as we prepare to finalize our BLA for Lonca. I'm delighted to be able to tell you that we recently submitted tthey CMC module of tthey BLA filing, and we remain on track to complete tthey BLA for Lonca later ttheir year. We are focused on ensuring that we execute a successful commercial launch for Lonca, specifically in 3 areas: preparing tthey market, preparing tthey product and continuing to build out our commercial organization. In terms of preparing tthey market, we are actively engaging with U.S. theymatology oncologists. To enhance our understanding in detail of tthey unmet medical need in relapsed refractory DLBCL, ttheyir assessment of tthey Lonca profile to address ttheyse needs and how long it may fit into ttheyir treatment paradigm, should it be approved by tthey FDA. In terms of preparing tthey product. We are finalizing our global brand strategy for Lonca, including tthey life cycle management plan. All tthey steps needed to ensure successful execution of tthey U.S. launch plan remain on track, and we have commercial-ready supply available. In terms of tthey organization, tthey commercial and medical affairs leadership teams are in place, and ttheyy are actively building ttheyir teams. Despite COVID-19, ADC Ttheyrapeutics has recently added over 30 new employees focused on tthey launch of Lonca in tthey U.S. and medical affairs have begun appropriate prelaunch engagement with theyalth care professionals. We are planning for a mixed virtual and face-to-face launch, and we can flex ttheir to respond to tthey COVID situation on tthey ground by tthey time of tthey launch, should Lonca be approved by tthey FDA. We look forward to continuing to provide updates on ttheyse launch preparations as we approach our BLA filings later ttheir year. With that, I will now hand over tthey call to our Chief Medical Officer, Jay Feingold, to discuss tthey data recently presented at EHA and our ottheyr clinical progress. Jay? Jay Feingold Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to present an update today on our lead candidates, Lonca and Cami, as well as a brief overview of our broader pipeline of early-stage programs, all of which continue to show promising potential. I will begin with our lead program, Lonca. In June, we presented data at tthey European Hematology Association, or EHA Carlual Meeting, from our pivotal LOTIS 2 trial in patients with relapsed and refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma or DLBCL. Ttheir is tthey data set that will serve as tthey basis for our BLA submission that we intend to submit to tthey FDA later ttheir year. Tthey study evaluated tthey safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of Lonca as a monottheyrapy or 145 patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, who have failed at least two prior lines of ttheyrapy. Tthey study included patients who never responded to first-line ttheyrapy in patients who are refractory to all prior lines of ttheyrapy as well as patients who had high-grade B-cell lymphoma and high-risk genetics. Patients in ttheir study had a median of 3 prior lines of ttheyrapy. So clearly, ttheyse patients have a high unmet medical need. In ttheir study, Lonca demonstrated robust anti-tumor activity across tthey support population, resulting in an overall response rate of 48.3% and a complete response rate of 24.1% Importantly, tthey duration of response in ttheyse patients continues to develop with median duration response of 10.25 months. We believe ttheir is tthey meaningful clinical benefit for ttheyse patients. We also saw that patients who are refractory to first-line or all prior lines of ttheyrapy had an overall response rate of 38% and 36%, respectively. Ttheyse data reflect tthey significant monottheyrapy activity Lonca can achieve even in difficult-to-treat patients. Tthey toxicities in ttheir study were manageable and no new safety concerns were identified. Tthey most common grade 3 and greater treatment emerged to adverse events. that occurred to at least 10% of patients from neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, elevated gamma Gamma-glutamyltransferase, or GGT, and anemia. You can see tthey detailed results of tthey LOTIS 2 study on our website. We believe ttheyse data are highly supportive of Lonca as a transformative single-agent treatment option for theyavily pretreated and difficult-to-treat patients, providing an opportunity for durable benefits for those who can achieve response. In addition, Lonca is administered as a convenient 30-minute IV infusion every 3 weeks. We believe that Lonca, based on a strong profile of robust single agent efficacy, even in tthey most resistant and refractory patients, combined with tolerable side effect profile and convenient administration, has tthey potential to fill an unmet medical need for relapse or refractory DLBCL patients. In addition to data from tthey LOTIS 2 trial, we also present tthey data at EHA from our LOTIS 3 trial, evaluating Lonca in combination with ibrutinib and pivotal Phase I/II trial of relapsed/refractory DLBCL patients for medical cell lymphoma patients. At tthey time of data collection in April, 25 patients were enrolled. From ttheir early data, we observed a promising overall response rate of 75% and a complete response rate of 58% at tthey recommended Phase II dose of Lonca, 60 micrograms per kilogram. Among patients with non-GCB DLBCL, we observed an overall response rate of 73% and a complete response rate of 64%. Again, toxicities were manageable at tthey recommended dose for Phase II. Tthey only grade 3 or higtheyr TEAs seen in at least 10% of patients with thrombocytopenia and anemia. Ttheyse early data are encouraging and highlights tthey potential for Lonca combinations in earlier lines of ttheyrapy. In July, we missed tthey first patients in tthey Phase II portion of ttheir trial, and we are looking forward to reporting furttheyr results in tthey future. We also plan to initiate a confirmatory Phase III Lonca plus rituximab trial at tthey time of our BLA submission later ttheir year. And we continue to advance plans through our follicular lymphoma program with tthey intention of commencing a pivotal Phase II clinical trial in tthey first half of 2021. Turning now to our second lead program, Cami. We announced in early July that following tthey FDA's review of information requested, tthey FDA has lifted its partial clinical hold on tthey pivotal Phase II clinical trial for Cami with patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. Ttheir 100-patient Phase II multicenter, open-label, single-arm clinical trial is evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of Cami in patients with relapsed or refractory HL, who have failed 3 prior lines of ttheyrapy, including brentuximab vedotin and ctheyckpoint inhibitors approved for HL, such as nivolumab and pembrolizumab. We have 47 patients enrolled to date in ttheir clinical trial, and now with ttheir important regulatory feedback, we are resuming enrollment and remain on track to announce interim results in tthey first half of 2021. Data from ttheir trial is intended to support tthey submission of a BLA to tthey FDA. In addition to our AGL program, we continue to advance our Phase Ib clinical trial of Cami, wtheyre we target regulatory T cells in solid tumors known to typically have high levels of infiltrating T cells. We plan to present tthey data from ttheir trial at Scientific Congress later ttheir year. Finally, we remain excited about our earlier-stage clinical and preclinical pipeline. We look forward to providing furttheyr updates as ttheyy progress and develop. Ttheir includes ADCT-602 targeting CD-22, which has been investigated in tthey Phase I/II trial in patients with relapse and refractory ALL. And we are preparing to start a Phase Ib combination trial with ADCT-601, targeting AXL in tthey second half of 2021, in patients with certain select solid tumors. And with that, I will turn tthey call over to Jen to give a financial update. Scott Creel Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. As we reported in our press release, we ended tthey quarter with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $349 million as compared to approximately $116 million as of December 31, 2019. In tthey second quarter of 2020, we raised approximately $244 million in net proceeds from our IPO. In addition to our IPO, we also received tthey first disbursement from our $115 million convertible loan with Deerfield that we announced earlier ttheir year. Under that agreement, Deerfield has extended tthey initial $65 million disbursement upon tthey successful completion of our initial public offering, and we will receive anottheyr $50 million disbursement upon FDA approval of tthey BLA filing from Lonca, which we anticipate receiving in 2021. With tthey proceeds of our IPO and tthey credit facility, we are well-funded at ttheir time. As I mentioned, we have cash and cash equivalents of $349 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. We used approximately $73 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey first half of ttheir year. As we look forward, we see our spend increase over tthey next few quarters as we prepare for tthey anticipated launch of Lonca and continue to invest in our pipeline. R&D expense was $26 million for tthey second quarter compared to $21.8 million for tthey same quarter in 2019. Tthey increase was primarily due to an increased number of employees to support tthey Lonca BLA submission and multiple Lonca and Cami clinical programs as well as increased share-based compensation expense. G&A expenses were $19 million for tthey second quarter compared to $4.1 million for tthey same quarter in 2019. Tthey increase was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense, which was driven by tthey onetime settlement of private company stock option plans that were settled at tthey time of tthey IPO and tthey impact of expanding our teams, particularly with tthey hiring of new commercial employees as we prepare for tthey anticipated launch of Lonca. We also saw an increase in investment in our commercial preparations, and professional fees associated with tthey completion of our initial public offering. Our net loss was $126.6 million for tthey second quarter of 2020 compared to $23.3 million in tthey same quarter of 2019. It is important to note that tthey loss includes a $79.3 million noncash charge related to tthey changes in fair value of derivatives associated with tthey convertible loans under tthey facility agreement with Deerfield, which resulted from tthey increase in our share price during tthey quarter. Going forward, we will be subject to furttheyr noncash charges if our stock price appreciates or a noncash gain if our stock price declines, as a result of marking to market ttheyse derivative instruments. In addition to tthey noncash impact of tthey Deerfield facility, net loss for tthey quarter was also impacted by share-based compensation expense of $12.7 million. Our diluted net loss per share was $2.01 in tthey second quarter of 2020 compared to $0.49 in tthey second quarter of 2019. Finally, our adjusted net loss, which excludes certain items such as tthey impact of tthey Deerfield convertible and share-based compensation expense, was $32.1 million for tthey second quarter of 2020, compared to $23.3 million in tthey same quarter of 2019. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.51 in tthey quarter ending June 30, 2020, compared to $0.49 for tthey same quarter in 2019. With that, let me turn tthey call back to Chris to share our upcoming milestones. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Jen. Ttheir is an exciting time for ADC Ttheyrapeutics as we look forward to a number of upcoming milestones. As I mentioned, our team is focused on our BLA submission for Lonca, which would be tthey first approved product for our company and tthey important milestone and accomplishment for ADCT. We continue to prepare our organization with tthey build-out of our commercial, market access and medical affairs teams, which are critical to tthey successful launch that we anticipate next year. We continue to invest in -- and develop our broad pipeline, including tthey Phase II study of tthey combination of Lonca plus ibrutinib. Tthey initiation of tthey Phase III confirmatory trial of Lonca combined with rituximab at tthey time of tthey BLA submission, tthey start of tthey Lonca pivotal Phase II trial in tthey follicular lymphoma in tthey first half of 2021 and interim results for tthey Cami pivotal Phase II trial in relapsed/refractory HL in tthey first half of 2021. I look forward to updating you on our progress in tthey future. We will now open tthey call to your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey question is from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America Securities. Tazeen Ahmad Maybe just a few as it relates to some of tthey comments that you made in your prepared statements. So for tthey commercial size of tthey DLBCL sales force, how are you thinking about it in terms of tthey initial size and what you might need to increase it to, both in tthey U.S. And ex-U.S. regions? And you talked about doing a mix of virtual and in-person just based on tthey COVID environment. How important is it for doctors to have in-person contact with tthey salesperson, just given tthey area of undermet need in DLBCL, to a certain extent, do you think that ttheir drug could sell itself? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Tazeen. Scott, would you care to address that? I think that's substantially tthey commercial questions. Scott Herron Yes. Certainly. So thanks, Tazeen, for your questions. Clearly, ttheir is our first priority as we prepare for launch next year, if we get to get FDA approval. So as we're thinking about it in tthey U.S., we do believe that we should have available to us, a combination of both multichannel options as well as in person. But we are looking to recruit a field force, as I think we've previously disclosed between 40 and 60 sales representatives, in addition to ottheyr ancillary staff, which we believe will cover greater than 80% of tthey prescriber base, and that's in tthey U.S. And we are expanding and we're monitoring very closely tthey ongoing launctheys right now in ttheir current COVID-19 environment. So we are planning for a hybrid approach, and we will be prepared as well as we need to go 100% virtual. I just have to watch tthey environment as it unfolds. We do believe that ttheyre is -- ttheyre are many unmet medical needs with regard to DLBCL and have received that feedback with regard to our research and our appropriate interactions to date with physicians. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. How important is tthey confirmatory study going to be, in your view, in order to theylp enhance tthey commercial opportunity, if at all, for LOTIS 5? And what is tthey gating factor theyre to start that study? Christoptheyr Martin Jay, do you want to talk about tthey study and tthey gating factors? And maybe Scott ttheyn pick up on tthey -- how important it is for tthey commercial opportunity. Jay Feingold Sure. Thank you, Tazeen. So under tthey requirements of tthey filing for accelerated approval, we're required to have tthey confirmatory study started at tthey time we submit tthey BLA. What that exactly means is up for a little bit of interpretation. But our intention is to have ottheyr sites ready to go. Moving already initiated, hopefully, at least to tthey contract plans have not initiated at tthey [indiscernible] of tthey BLA ttheir year. Scott? Scott Herron Yes. And in terms of tthey commercial opportunity, I mean, we are confident in tthey single-agent robust profile that we've seen with Lonca from tthey LOTIS 2 trial. We believe that it sets us up very nicely for a successful launch in and addressing areas of unmet medical need in patients with 2 prior ttheyrapies. But tthey combination of tthey confirmatory study will serve to theylp unlock earlier lines of ttheyrapy and use and address additional unmet medical needs. So we're very excited to get that study started. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. And ttheyn maybe one question. Ttheir will be my last question on Cami. As it relates to data for tthey rest of ttheir year, what kind of similar data should we expect to see and really at a medical conference? Christoptheyr Martin Jay? Jay Feingold Thanks, Tazeen, thank you for your questions again. So in terms of Cami, tthey Hodgkin lymphoma program, we have -- we hope to be able to update at ASH. We don't know yet, of course, if our asset is accepted, but we are playing out data at ASH from tthey Cami trial, on tthey 47 patients that were enrolled through March. In terms of Cami in solid tumors. We are -- we have a poster accepted at tthey virtual [indiscernible] coming up in September to discuss mostly tthey pharmacokinetic type of dynamic data that we have in that study. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Matttheyw Harrison Ttheir is Connor on for Matttheyw. So just a couple from us. Can you talk about how you think tthey opportunity in follicular lymphoma will be for Lonca and what tthey population is, you want to enroll in tthey pivotal study? And ttheyn -- so you mentioned -- and ttheyn so just jumping quickly after that. Actually, if you could just answer that one and ttheyn I'll ask a few more, if that's okay. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Connor. Jay, I'll hand that to you. Jay Feingold Sure. So tthey Phase II kind of [indiscernible]. In tthey Phase II study that was ongoing for Cami, which we hope to use for a pivotal accelerated approval type of study, tthey patient is not to have failed 3 prior lines of ttheyrapies, which must include Adcetris and one of tthey approved ctheyckpoint inhibitors. If tthey patient cannot consider by tthey physicians to be transplant-eligible, ttheyy would are only to have had... Christoptheyr Martin Jay? Jay Feingold Yes. Christoptheyr Martin I think Connor's question related to follicular lymphoma for longer -- I might have mittheyyard. So sorry, Connor but I mittheyyard. Jay Feingold Did I not? You said Lonca? I'm sorry. I apologize. [indiscernible] So it's lymphoma. Okay. I don't know how I got Cami on that. Sorry. So follicular lymphoma, we have a meeting upcoming with tthey FDA to discuss Phase II trial. Once we get clearance from tthey FDA, we hope to begin that trial in tthey beginning of 2021. My apologies for missing tthey question. Matttheyw Harrison Got it. No problem. And ttheyn so just quickly, and ttheyn ttheir one's on Cami. So you mentioned as a response to a different question that you think you'll have PK/PD data at ESMO for Cami? Do you think that will be enough for you guys to make a decision on what types of tumors you want to prioritize? Jay Feingold That's a good question. Probably not, but we have a plan for tthey next steps in tthey Phase Ib study for Cami, which we will implement in tthey next month or so. Matttheyw Harrison Understood. And ttheyn can you just discuss what tthey steps do you need to complete in terms of discussions with tthey FDA and what not, before submitting tthey BLA for Lonca later ttheir year? Jay Feingold We're actually past tthey discussion studies with tthey FDA. We already had a pre-BLA meeting and had some conversations with ttheym. As Chris mentioned, ttheyy agreed to accept tthey CMC modules early, which we've already submitted. So at ttheir point, tthey team has been really working on that BLA, but we don't anticipate any more discussions with tthey FDA regarding tthey BLA until after it's filed. Operator Tthey next question is from Boris Peaker from Cowen. Boris Peaker Great. My first question is on tthey Phase II LOTIS III study of Lonca plus ibrutinib. I'm just curious, will you be providing incremental data update on ttheir study over time? Or are we just going to get tthey final data? Christoptheyr Martin Jay? Jay Feingold We hope to present -- yes. I assumed that you wanted me to answer that. We hope to have data at tthey upcoming virtual ASH Meeting with regard to tthey Lonca plus ibrutinib study. But that will be on tthey Phase I part of tthey study. Boris Peaker No. I understand that. That's one. My question is specifically for tthey Phase II that you're starting just recently. Is that also going to be given incremental data? Or is that -- we're just going to have to wait until tthey end? Jay Feingold That's good question. We -- it's a preplanned interim analysis with utility in that study. So it is a possibility that we may present data from that. But you're thinking way atheyad of me. Boris Peaker Okay. Got you. Maybe just from tthey manufacturing side of things. I know you mentioned that for tthey CMC filing has been submitted. I'm just curious how many manufacturing facilities are involved in making Lonca? Kind of wtheyre are ttheyy located? And have ttheyy been expected yet or not? Christoptheyr Martin Ttheyre are three main manufacturing facilities. Ttheyy are in tthey U.S., tthey -- Italy and Germany. Ttheyy have not been inspected by tthey FDA. But we have carried out, as you might imagine, proprietary work. And as facilities, ttheyy do manufacture commercial ADC drug product for ottheyr companies. And in that context, ttheyy have all been -- all of those facilities have been previously, in most cases, quite recently inspected by tthey FDA. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.