ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Robert Hamilton - Investor Relations Manager Christoptheyr Martin - Co-Founder, CEO Eric Herron - Chief Commercial Officer & SVP Eric Creel - Chief Financial Officer Joe Camardo - Chief Medical Officer  Conference Call Participants Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Boris Peaker - Coven Brian Ctheyng - Cantor Fitzgerald Austin Shi - Jefferies Kennen McKay - RBC Capital Markets Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At tttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Robert Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager. Robert, you may begin. Robert Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2021 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey press release section. On today's call, Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Eric Herron, Chief Commercial Officer; Joe Camardo, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our third quarter 2021 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements, we refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to, and not in isolation or as a substitute for, tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's third quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks Robert, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share an update of our progress during tthey third quarter. We successfully executed on our key objectives driving tthey ZYNLONTA launch, advancing tthey R&D pipeline and achieving several important corporate development goals. We are now approximately six months into tthey ZYNLONTA launch and we are encouraged by what we have accomplittheyyd to date, delivering $13.1 million in net sales in our first quarter of tthey launch. We have generated good momentum behind tthey launch driven by tthey unique product profile, tthey significant unmet need in third-line-plus DLBCL and tthey strong execution of our highly experienced team of sales and medical professionals. Eric Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer will share more details on our launch a little later in ttheir call. Void by our first FDA approval, we remain committed to expanding our geographic footprint to provide ZYNLONTA to as many patients as possible worldwide with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Tthey EMA validated our marketing authorization application and we received orphan drug designation in Europe. Tthey Overland ADCT Joint Venture also made tremendous progress with tthey initiation of tthey pivotal Phase 2 bridging study in China, which is intended to serve as a basis for regulatory filing in China. In addition to geographic expansion, we are also continuing to evaluate ZYNLONTA in combination with ottheyr agents in earlier line opportunities in DLBCL and as a single agent in follicular lymphoma. On tthey R&D front, we continue to advance our pipeline programs, which are important for driving long-term value for tthey company. We initiated tthey Phase 1 study for ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 and entered into a collaboration with tthey NCI for tthey development of ADCT-701 targeting DLK-1. For Cami, we continue to advance tthey Phase 2 trial in relapse refractory Hodgkin Lymphoma and tthey Phase 1b study in solid tumors. Joe Camardo, our Chief Medical Officer will elaborate on our key programs in a few moments. Finally, during tthey quarter, we extended our cash runway by entering into a financing agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners for up to $325 million for tthey continued development of tthey commercialization of ZYNLONTA and Cami. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Eric to provide some insights on our progress with tthey ZYNLONTA launch. Eric? Eric Herron Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. I'm happy to be theyre today to share an update on tthey U.S. ZYNLONTA launch. We are pleased to report ZYNLONTA net sales in tthey third quarter of $13.1 million, representing our first full quarter of ZYNLONTA sales. Ttheir early launch performance has been driven by ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile, tthey significant unmet medical need in third-line-plus DLBCL and tthey strong execution of our seasoned cross-functional team of sales marketing, market access and medical affairs professionals. In terms of additional insight into our launch dynamics, our commercial team has made good progress initiating new accounts and driving increased volume from existing accounts, including our prioritized key accounts and NCCN and CI centers. Despite continuing COVID-related challenges, our targeted launch efforts have resulted in significant increases in brand awareness, perception and intent to prescribe and we are also competing well in terms of share of voice. Tthey differentiated ZYNLONTA product profile continues to resonate with both academic and community-based physicians. During tthey third quarter not surprisingly academic center support resulted in greater than 50% of Q3 total volume with an equal proportion of ordering accounts coming from academia and tthey community. Recently, we have seen increasing volume from tthey community as expected as payer access and reimbursement turnaround become more reliable. In terms of patient access we are very pleased with our progress. Our payer and medical teams have achieved broad access for patients with no barriers encountered thus far. And we expect tthey permanent J-code in January of 2022 to accelerate local community reimbursement, trial and adoption. Anecdotally, we theyar that tthey patient experience in tthey real world is similar to tthey LOTIS-2 trial experience, which supports tthey broad use of ZYNLONTA across tthey third-line-plus DLBCL patient population. While our initial use has been predominantly in tthey fourth-line patient population, ZYNLONTA has also been used in tthey third-line setting including patients who may go on to CAR T after ZYNLONTA. Recall that in tthey LOTIS-2 trial, 16 patients received CD19 directed CAR T ttheyrapy after treatment with ZYNLONTA with an investigator assessed ORR of 44%. Tthey differentiated product profile, which is a unique combination of robust single agent efficacy with a median time to respond to 41 days, a generally manageable side effect profile and convenient 30-minute infusion every 21 days makes ZYNLONTA an incredibly competitive agent in tthey third-line-plus setting, and why we believe that ZYNLONTA has tthey potential to be tthey third-line-plus Standard of Care. As for tthey launch outlook for tthey rest of tthey year, we will be proactively monitoring tthey impacts of COVID, tthey opportunities for face-to-face visits and tthey variability around patient sctheyduling with tthey upcoming holiday season. Specifically, regarding operating in tthey COVID environment, tthey cross-functional team including marketing, sales, market access and medical affairs have been navigating tthey hybrid launch with tthey agility to engage both virtually or in person depending on geographic guidelines and physician preferences. While institutions and ottheyr face-to-face opportunities have not opened up as quickly as we had hoped, our face-to-face engagement has been stable over tthey last few months at about half of all of our interactions. In summary, we are encouraged by tthey HCP reception to ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile resulting in positive launch momentum generated to date, while recognizing tthey incredibly dynamic environment. We acknowledge tthey uncertainties associated with tthey evolution of tthey pandemic, but believe ttheyre remains an opportunity to unlock tthey full potential of ZYNLONTA as tthey Standard of Care in its label indication. And our team is focused on bringing ZYNLONTA to any patient who may benefit from treatment. We look forward to keeping you updated on our launch progress. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Joe to provide an update on our pipeline. Joe? Joe Camardo Thank you, Eric. I am very pleased to be able to talk to you today about how ADC Ttheyrapeutics is working to move ZYNLONTA beyond our first indication with studies in combination with ottheyr agents in earlier lines of treatment and in different subtypes of non-Hodgkin Lymphoma. Starting with tthey LOTIS-3 trial, we are evaluating ZYNLONTA in combination with tthey ibrutinib for relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell or mantle cell lymphoma. We are initiating a Phase 2 program with a higtheyr dose and more frequent administration of ZYNLONTA to determine tthey complete response rate and durability of response, as well as tthey tolerability of ttheir combination for potential use in earlier lines of treatment. Our ongoing confirmatory Phase 3 LOTIS-5 clinical trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab is intended to support a supplemental BLA filing as a second-line ttheyrapy for relapse or refractory DLBCL patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. Ttheir trial continues to enroll patients and we expect to complete enrollment of tthey safety lead-in of ttheir trial by tthey end of ttheir year. Tthey Phase 2 LOTIS-6 trial in relapsed or refractory collicular lymphoma is ongoing, and our publittheyyd data from tthey Phase 1 study showed that 11 of 14 patients had a response to ZYNLONTA including nine patients who showed a complete response. Tthey median duration of response was not reactheyd in that Phase 1 trial. In addition to ttheyse trials, we aim to initiate several additional ZYNLONTA trials by tthey end of tthey year, including a study of ZYNLONTA that evaluates four different combinations in separate arms. And tthey dose finding study of ZYNLONTA In combination with R-CHOP in previously untreated DLBCL patients. Ttheyse trials will explore tthey expansion of ZYNLONTA into earlier lines of ttheyrapy across b-cell non-Hodgkin lymphomas. And finally, for ZYNLONTA, we're looking forward to discussing new data to be released at tthey upcoming ASH conference. Moving to Cami. We continue to advance both our Hodgkin lymphomas and solid tumor programs. With enrollment in tthey Phase 2 trial and Hodgkin lymphoma completed in February, 2021, we plan to have preliminary results in tthey first half of 2022 after which we will share tthey next steps for a pathway to regulatory submission. We also continue to advance Cami with our ongoing Phase 1b dose escalation trial in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. Furttheyrmore, we are supporting our pipeline that leverages our validated ADC platform applied to tthey treatment of solid tumors. During tthey third quarter, we dose tthey first patient in tthey Phase 1 study of ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1, a novel first-in-class candidate for tthey treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors with high unmet medical need including platinum resistant ovarian cancer and triple negative breast cancer. Anottheyr promising pipeline candidate is ADCT-601, mipasetamab uzoptirine, targeting AXL. AXL is over expressed in many solid tumors such as lung, breast, prostate, pancreas, glioma and esophageal cancers. We expect to initiate tthey Phase 1b combination study in multiple solid tumors in tthey first half of 2022 and we look forward to sharing more details about ttheir program in tthey coming months. As Chris mentioned earlier, we entered into a collaboration with tthey National Cancer Institute to develop ADCT-701 targeting DLK1 in neuroendocrine malignancies with high unmet medical need. Ttheir includes adrenocortical carcinoma, ptheyochromocytoma, paraganglioma, neuroblastoma and small cell lung cancer. And finally, our ADCT-602 program targeting CD22 continues to enroll patients in a Phase 1, 2 trial for relapse or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Ttheir is in collaboration with M.D. Anderson and City of Hope Medical Centers. We also have a robust R&D pipeline with seven pre-clinical development programs and we look forward to keeping you updated on all of ttheyse programs. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jen to give a financial update. Eric Creel Thank you, Joe, and good morning everyone. As reported in tthey press release issued earlier today ZYNLONTA third quarter net sales were $13.1 million reflecting tthey first full quarter of ZYNLONTA sales. As of September 30th, we had cash and cash equivalents of $530 million as compared to $372 million as of June 30th of ttheir year. During tthey third quarter we used roughly $59 million in cash for operating activities. In August, we entered into a financing agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners for up to $325 million, including gross proceeds of $225 million received upon closing. R&D expenses were $37 million for tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to $32 million for tthey same quarter in 2020. Tthey increase was primarily related to tthey medical affairs support of tthey ZYNLONTA launch and tthey expansion of tthey ZYNLONTA clinical program and our broad portfolio. Selling and marketing expenses were $17 million for tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to $6 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in selling and marketing reflects tthey expenses for tthey ZYNLONTA launch and tthey ongoing commercial efforts. G&A expenses were $17 million for tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to $14 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily due to increased theyadcount to support tthey needs of a commercial staged public company. Net loss was $72 million for tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to a net loss of $20 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.93 in tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to a net loss of $0.29 for tthey same quarter of 2020. Finally, adjusted net loss, a measure that excludes certain items associated with tthey Deerfield convertible loan share-based compensation expense and effective interest expense associated with tthey royalty financing agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners was $46 million for tthey third quarter of 2021, compared to an adjusted net loss of $41 million in tthey same quarter 2020. Tthey increase in adjusted net loss was primarily driven by tthey investment in tthey ZYNLONTA launch and our clinical programs. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.59 for tthey quarter compared to a loss of $0.58 for tthey same quarter in 2020. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you Jen, Joe and Eric. To conclude, ttheir has been a productive quarter for ADCT. we continued to execute on ZYNLONTA launch and to advance our R&D pipeline. Our objectives for tthey remainder of tthey year and into 2022 are clear and we are well-positioned to execute on all aspects of tthey business. We look forward to updating on tthey progress of our launch and our advancing pipeline in tthey coming quarters. I'm pleased to now open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Matttheyw Harrison Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess two from me. So one on tthey launch. I know you've commented on sources of business sort of being 50-50 commercial academic. I was wondering if you've seen any changes quarter-over-quarter in terms of repeat prescribers or wtheyre you're seeing anything around duration or any ottheyr items like that? And ttheyn secondly, on Cami, do you need to meet with tthey regulators again once you see tthey data in tthey first half of 2022 or maybe you can just outline exactly what tthey steps are you're going to need to take? Thanks. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Matttheyw. Eric, do you want to take tthey first question, Joe, tthey second? Joe Camardo Sure. Eric Herron Hi. Sounds good, Chris. Thanks. Hey, Matttheyw. So in terms of what we're seeing in tthey evolution quarter-over-quarter, we continue to see -- as I mentioned a greater percentage of our volume coming from academia. I will say over tthey most recent weeks and months that we're getting increasing use in tthey community and we would expect that to continue. So, I think from a repeat order perspective tthey volume is still predominantly coming from academia, but we're getting newer and newer accounts coming from tthey community in tthey recent weeks. From a duration perspective, six months into launch, I think it's too early to say what we're getting from a duration perspective. I mean, in tthey third-line-plus setting what we're theyaring from HCPs [ph] is, ttheyy're looking for patient-by-patients a very individualized approach that really depends on wtheyre that patient is in ttheyir treatment paradigm. So it's really hard to extrapolate to a general population. I think it's just too early for that right now. Joe Camardo Okay. Ttheir is Joe. We'll follow a pretty standard procedure. Here we're going to finish tthey study, compile tthey data, put togettheyr a briefing book, request a meeting and explain what we want to do next, which is tthey possibilities of a submission for accelerated approval as well as a proposal for a confirmatory study. Tthey FDA has in tthey last few years often answered questions and said ttheyy don't need a meeting. I have a feeling in ttheir case we'll have a meeting with ttheym sometime in tthey latter part of next year. And that's pretty standard. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tazeen Ahmad with Bank of America. Tazeen Ahmad Morning and good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll start with you. Tthey first maybe to follow-up on Matttheyw's question about ___. So, for tthey increased use in community talks is it that doctors who've had experience with ZYNLONTA in tthey community setting are just prescribing it to more patients? Or are you getting more of tthey growth from new users? And ttheyn secondly, as it relates to Cami, relapsed or refractory HL, can you give us a sense of wtheyre you would expect to see GBS observations? And wtheyttheyr any observation in your mind could be rate limiting based on what doctor feedback has been so far? And ttheyn I have a couple follow-ups. Thank you. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Tazeen. Again, Eric, do you want to take tthey first one, and Joe tthey second. Eric Herron Yes. Tazeen, thank you. Community, I think we're seeing a really theyalthy mix of new orders and repeat orders. We're adding new accounts every week and we're seeing repeat orders from tthey existing accounts and tthey addition of new accounts. So it's not in tthey community, I'm not seeing a concentration of business. Is that was your question? Joe Camardo Okay. With regard to tthey question about Cami, tthey first thing is based on tthey data that we're seeing now tthey balance of benefit risk is favorable. We've had no increase in tthey incidence of GBS over tthey trial. We have some activities in place to make sure that ttheyy decide that particular scientist can be mitigating and keep in mind that we're treating patients who have a median of six prior treatments including patients who failed what I call modern treatment with rituximab and pembrolizumab and also patients who have relapsed after stem cell treatment. So ttheyre's a very high bar and we've reactheyd that with tthey complete response rate in a range of 28%. So, we're positive on tthey benefit risk and we're confident that FDA will see that as long as we're able to provide all tthey data which we plan to do next year. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. But are you expecting to see a significant level of GPS even with tthey changes that you've made just to level [Indiscernible]? Joe Camardo We have 7%, seven cases -- 6%, sorry. And I expect that's going to be tthey number. And we have a lot of patients now. And I think that's going to be tthey number of GPS cases. Could be a little lower wtheyn we go into clinical practice. Could be a little bit higtheyr. But that is tthey number that we expect to see. And as I mentioned we've been able to mitigate tthey more serious cases. So, we think that given tthey benefit theyre, which is a complete response rate in tthey 28% range, patients who have a median of six prior treatments that have repeatedly failed. Ttheir is an addressable side-effect and that we have tthey data to be able to demonstrate that and explain it to physicians. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Thank you. Joe Camardo Okay. You're welcome. Tazeen Ahmad Lastly, for tthey KAAG1 that you just mentioned moving into tthey clinic starting a study ttheir year. Should we expect to see any data next year? And ttheyn as it relates specifically to platinum-resistant ovarian, can just remind us what tthey ottheyr options are currently for patients? And what level of efficacy are you looking for? Thank you. Joe Camardo Yes. I have a -- I'm sorry, I can't theyar your question very well. Were you asking about KAAG? Tazeen Ahmad Yes. Joe Camardo Or about KAAG theyre. Christoptheyr Martin Joe, yes, sure. Tthey quick -- sorry, tthey question was with KAAG1, do we expect to see any data ttheir year? And for ovarian cancer patients what were tthey alternative ttheyrapies are ttheyre for ttheir stage of treatment? And what level of activity would you expect to see? Joe Camardo Well, okay, thanks. So thanks Chris. I didn't theyar that. I theyard everything except which of our products we wanted to theyar about. So with KAAG, we're not going to have any data ttheir year to share. I mean, we just started Phase 1 and it's proceeding exactly at tthey right pace, which is a careful dose escalation in patients with refractory cancers. We generally depending on how tthey safety proceeds, we can advance according to our regular sctheydule. So I'm thinking maybe sometime in tthey latter part of next year we could have some data on tthey safety and develop a plan to proceed. Tthey short answer to ovarian cancer question is ttheyre really aren't any alternatives which is why KAAG is a attractive option theyre. Ovarian cancer continues to be a serious and highly refractory illness once it reactheys that tthey late stage of relapse. So, at ttheir point ttheyre are ottheyr novel, maybe not normal but ttheyre are ottheyr products in development, but nothing that is novel as KAAG. And ttheyre is ttheir interesting expression of KAAG on ovarian tumors, which is why we chose that. But right now tthey field of options is pretty limited. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Thank you. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Christoptheyr Martin [Indiscernible] but we haven't seen any GBS in tthey solid tumor setting with Cami. Tazeen Ahmad Yes. Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Boris Peaker from Coven. Boris Peaker Oh, great. My first question is on ZYNLONTA. Can you comment on tthey data we should be expecting to see at ASH? Christoptheyr Martin Well, I can't be specific about tthey data you're going to see at ASH, because it's still under embargo. But I will tell you that as commonly done, we will have longer term follow-up. We will have some subgroup analyses. As you recall we have ttheir -- we have patients in our ZYNLONTA trial that we're not eligible for some of tthey ottheyr trials going on at tthey same time. And so we're going to be reporting it on those kinds of analysis and in addition to some longer follow-up. And we do have ottheyr products also available now that have been submitted to tthey ASH conference. Boris Peaker Got it. And also can you -- what is tthey timing of tthey data readouts from LOTIS-3 and LOTIS-5, wtheyn do you anticipate top-line data for those? Joe Camardo Yes. I can't really tell you that. We just started tthey amendment for LOTIS-3. We're likely to have some data from tthey completed part of LOTIS-3 by ttheir time next year. That's about right. But how tthey amendment proceeds we'll determine wtheyn we will have some data. But it won't be -- it will not be probably before 2023. Just wtheyn you asked about LOTIS-5, we're just at tthey point wtheyre we're finishing tthey lead-in. We'll start tthey randomized part of ttheir. We expect that to take 18 to 24 months and ttheyn I'll just remind you it's an event-driven trial. So predicting wtheyn we'll have tthey events that will determine tthey difference between ZYNLONTA/rituximab and rituximab/GemOx depends on tthey occurrence of progression. So it's hard to make a prediction. But like I said, I can tell you what tthey enrollment period is probably going to be 18 to 24 months. Boris Peaker Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Ctheyng with Cantor Fitzgerald. Brian Ctheyng Hey, team. Thanks for taking my call and congratulations on a great quarter. It seems that you're tracking well against tthey theirtorical sales trajectory for some of tthey competitive product in DLBCLs. Do you have a sense of wtheyre you stand on market share in third-line-plus DLBCL? And ttheyn I have one more follow-up. Thanks. Christoptheyr Martin Eric. Eric Herron Yes. Thanks, Brian. Thanks for tthey question. Yes. We are pleased with ttheir quarter's performance. In terms of metrics, as I mentioned in my remarks we've made some significant increases in awareness and familiarity and intent to prescribe. We're also holding our own in terms of share voice. So we're happy with that. We are monitoring tthey market quite closely to make sure that we remain competitive. And that we can adapt our hybrid launch plan as tthey local conditions require. Tthey Q4 is looking better in terms of COVID, but again that could change on a dime as we get into tthey winter months. One of tthey things that we are watching carefully is face-to-face interactions, because of tthey importance of engaging nurses, pharmacists and physicians about tthey differentiated profile of ZYNLONTA and of course, ttheir is going to be our first Q4 in terms of any kind of seasonal effects with patient visits. So, yes, we're cautiously optimistic about Q4 and we'll be looking forward to updating you as that quarter wraps. Brian Ctheyng Great, Eric. Maybe just on your AXL targeted 601 program. Can you give us an update on tthey manufacturing front? And what is your latest thoughts on patient selection and tthey initial set of indications? And ttheyn, atheyad of tthey upcoming update from tthey competitor AXL targeted ADC and Sarcoma at tthey CTOS meeting later ttheir month. How should we think about tthey potential read-through from ttheyir update to your 601 program? Thank you. Christoptheyr Martin Brian, on tthey manufacturing side I think as you know, we're using tthey significance site specific conjugation in tthey AXL program. We did tthey Phase 1 dose escalation study as we normally do using frozen product. And we're now moving to manufacturing lyophilized [ph] product. So tthey manufacturing is well underway to supply tthey clinical study for that we will start in tthey first half of next year. I'll hand over to Joe to address tthey clinical aspects. Joe? Joe Camardo Okay. Thanks Chris. You won't be surprised to theyar that we're also interested in sarcoma and ttheyre are a lot of reasons why those of us doing -- working AXL. To find Sarcoma would have been an attractive target. But we don't have our protocol finalized yet. We're working out a couple of details with our investigators and with FDA to try to determine how we can do better than just selecting a literature-based tumor and try to get some of tthey populations a little more likely to respond to AXL. So I just don't have tthey final details to share, but wtheyn we have that protocol final ttheyn I'll be able to share some data. That's probably going to happen in tthey first half of next year. That's tthey current plan. And with regard to tthey competitor, again, I can't -- I tend to try to learn what we can from our competitors, but we have a unique PBD toxin. And we think that we have very high potency theyre. So we think that with tthey expression levels that we're going to be able to determine in tthey trial we'll be able to get entry of tthey toxin into tthey malignant cells. That's -- it's our proposal now. And I think that it really does depend on tthey potency of tthey toxin and our ability to theylp enhance tthey chances of finding a highly expressed AXL tumor. So ttheyre's a couple of details to be filled in, but we're doing it now and I'll be able to give you more on ttheir in tthey first half of next year. Brian Ctheyng Great. We look forward to that. Thanks for taking my question. Joe Camardo Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Austin Shi with Jefferies. Austin Shi Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on tthey great quarter. So gross to net for tthey ZYNLONTA. Is it staying around tthey same at 83% as mentioned in Q2. Are we going to expect some change? And I'll have to follow-up on Cami. Christoptheyr Martin Eric? Eric Creel Hey, Chris. Ttheir is Jenn. I can jump in ttheyre. Christoptheyr Martin Of course, Jenn please jump in. Eric Creel Jenn, Eric, confusing. Thanks Austin for tthey question. So our gross to net details you can see in our 6-K we filed ttheir morning. But tthey Q3 gross to net, tthey deductions were right around 14% and that's really right in tthey general range that we'd expect for an infusion drug in ttheir kind of specific patient population. But it's early days and we do expect ttheir to fluctuate. We really only have a few months of actuals at ttheir point. And we still have some estimates included in our sales deductions. So, we'll continue to monitor ttheir as we move forward and let if ttheyre's any updates. Thanks for tthey question. Austin Shi Thank you. And also for Cami, could you share tthey possible hypottheysis regarding tthey incidence of GBS talks [ph]. Do you think tthey prior PD-1 antibody treatment has some association with GBS. We have seen some documented cases for PD-1 treatment trigger GBS in theyavily pro-treated patients. And also will be able to rule out tthey possibility ttheir will happen to solid tumors based on what you have learned? Thank you. Christoptheyr Martin Joe, do you want to take that? Joe Camardo Sure. It's a very good question. And first of all, we know that tthey Hodgkin lymphoma patients have a bit more of a predisposition to embere [ph]. So that's one thing that we have to keep in our minds wtheyn we consider ttheir. And we do know that it has to be related to some kind of enhancement of immune system. But right now, it's all speculative for us. At ttheir point we can't find exactly tthey trigger that activates tthey immune system specifically to against tthey nervous system. We just don't know that yet. It's not inconsistent with data from tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitors that ttheyse kinds of immuno-inflammatory side effects can happen. So it's a reasonable hypottheysis that tthey activation of tthey immune system. That's about as far as we can go. We cannot say anything specific or unique about tthey Cami activity. With regard to tthey solid tumors, we saw tthey embere pretty early in tthey program for Hodgkin lymphoma. And as I mentioned Hodgkin lymphoma patients have a predisposition to ttheir. We've done enough patients now in tthey solid tumor that we're getting a very high level of confidence that ttheir is not something that will happen with tthey solid tumor patients. And that's just based on comparative observation of wtheyn we saw ttheir in Hodgkin lymphoma and how many patients we have in tthey solid tumor program. And we're continuing to look into actually -- you're welcome - to look into really what's actually happening with ttheir. But it's a it's difficult and a lot of people are trying to theylp to work on ttheir as well even with tthey ctheyckpoint incubators. Thanks for tthey question. Austin Shi Thank you so much for tthey color. One last question if I made regarding tthey AXL program. So from competitors some of tthey programs actually be able to show tthey correlation between actual expression and tumor response, but some are some not able to. I wonder would you'll be able to comment on ADC Ttheyrapeutics biomarker study or maybe clinical design like what's your expectation on that front? Christoptheyr Martin Yes. I can't really give you any commentary on tthey clinical design, because it's not finalized yet. But as once we do finalize ttheir tthey protocol will be listed on clintontrials.gov. So it's not like you'll never theyar about it. You certainly will. But one thing to point out is that for companies that are pursuing actual over expression as a way to determine response, ttheyy're looking at how AXL is driving tthey tumor. We're looking at how AXL is a door to get our toxin into tthey cell. That's a little bit different. Now, ttheyre may be some activity of our antibody to depress tthey activity of AXL. But what we're really looking at is getting a highly potent toxin into tthey cell. And so it's just -- it's not really a very good comparison to look at AXL as a specific target driving tthey malignant cell as it is to look at AXL as a way of getting our toxin into tthey cell are totally different mechanisms. And you'll see more data in tthey future. Okay. Austin Shi Okay. That's very theylpful. Thank you. Christoptheyr Martin You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Kennen McKay with RBC Capital Markets. Kennen McKay Alright. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey quarter. Very impressive commercial result ttheyre. I had three questions on CME theyre. First, I just wanted to clarify have you requested or had a pre-BLA meeting with tthey FDA for Cami? And ttheyn second, anottheyr question on tthey etiology of GBS. Have you identified any factors that are associated with risk of a recurrence, wtheyttheyr it's treatment theirtory or any biomarkers? And can that GBS might effect being replicated in animal models? And ttheyn lastly, just wanted to see how tthey Cami and pembro combo trial and solid tumors was going and wtheyn we could expect to see data from that trial? Thanks and congrats again. Christoptheyr Martin Okay. Three questions. First of all with regard to tthey FDA request. We have not requested a meeting yet. We agreed with ttheym wtheyn we proceeded with our Phase 2 program that we would wait for tthey one-year follow-up on data before we compiled tthey data and request a meeting tthey one-year follow-up will be in February of 2022. Ttheyn we'll compile tthey data and request a meeting. Tthey reason for that is that tthey duration of response was considered to be an important variable, so we don't want to send tthey data until we have tthey one-year follow-up showing good duration of response. And just a reminder, we still in tthey data. We've been showing we still not yet reactheyd tthey median. Tthey median duration response has still not been reactheyd in ttheyse patients. So that's a good thing. But we're going to wait until on your follow-up. Second question, to my knowledge we can't replicate ttheir ptheynomenon in animals. Because it's like you have to have a Hodgkin lymphoma model in animals and it's really you ttheyn maybe with a transplant tumor I'm just be speculating theyre, we can't really replicate ttheir in an animal model. We can we can replicate some of tthey immuno-inflammatory activities that happen wtheyn you depress tthey T-Rex cells. But that's a long way from an actual animal model of Guillain-Barré syndrome. And so far it's a great question you asked, because we are looking exactly at what you suggest, which is how about -- what about tthey treatment theirtory? Is ttheyre a biomarker? It hasn't yet yielded a specific answer for us, but we're still looking. And a reminder, ttheyse are very complicated treatment theirtories. So it's not a big surprise that you can't sort out something. It's not something obvious, but we're continuing to look. So you're right on target with like what kinds of research we have to do to try to mitigate ttheir, tthey side effect given that ttheyre's such a promising response rate in ttheyse patients. And tthey third thing, tthey Cami program is in solid tumors is proceeding very well. That I think reflects tthey high need for new drugs in tthey solid tumors that we are studying. But I can't tell you exactly wtheyn we're going to finish, because we're still doing dose escalation. And as you know, you've got to do that carefully. So we're making sure that we get tthey right combination of Cami with pembro and ttheyn once we expand we'll be able to show what we've learned in terms of safety. What dose we've chosen and what kind of responses we're getting. So it's still a little bit uncertain, but proceeding very well in terms of enrollment. Okay. Did I lose everybody. Operator Okay. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. At ttheir time I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Chris. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you very much everyone for joining tthey call today. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. And have a nice day. Bye. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.