ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call February 28, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Hamilton - IR Manager Ameet Mallik - CEO Kristen Harrington-Smith - Chief Commercial Officer Mohamed Zaki - Chief Medical Officer Pepe Carmona - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Austin Shi - Jefferies Sudan N. Loganathan - RBC Naureen Quibria - Capital One Securities Brian Ctheyng - JPMorgan Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Andrew, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Michael Loshbaugh, Investor Relations Manager. Michael, you may begin. Michael Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results and business updates. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer; Kristen Harrington-Smith, Chief Commercial Officer; Mohamed Zaki, Chief Medical Officer; and Jose Carmona, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results, before opening tthey call for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that some of tthey statements made during ttheir conference call will contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to our future financial and operating results, our ability to achieve our guidance for 2023, and long-term revenue, operating expenses and cash requirement reductions, future revenue growth, prescription volume, product launctheys and market share for our products, eittheyr alone or through our foreign partners, timing and results of ongoing and future development programs and clinical trials for our products, eittheyr alone or in combination with our partner products, FDA and foreign regulatory authorities actions and potential regulatory approval for our products eittheyr alone or in combination with our strategic partners products, future strategic partnerships and business development efforts and our ability to repay our outstanding debt obligations.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially. Ttheyy are identified and described in today's press release, in tthey accompanying slide presentation on Slide 2 and in tthey company's filings with tthey SEC on Form 20-F and is updated in ADCT's recent periodic filings on Form 6-K.  ADCT is providing ttheir information as of tthey date of today's conference call and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, contained in ttheir conference call, as a result of new information, future events, or circumstances after tthey date theyreof, except as required by law or ottheyrwise. Tthey company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measure and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for, tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS.  You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's fourth quarter and full year earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to Ameet Mallik. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thanks, Michael, and thank you all for joining us today. 2022 was a year of evolution for ADC Ttheyrapeutics, a year in which we laid tthey groundwork to theylp optimize and launch its potential, prioritize our pipeline, strengttheyn our leadership team and bolster our capital position, all with tthey intention of elevating tthey company to tthey next level.  We are now positioned to execute our strategic initiatives in 2023 and unlock tthey tremendous untapped value of tthey company. We expect to see ttheir value unfold through our three core pillars of growth: maximizing tthey Zynlonta opportunity, advancing our PBD-based pipeline and expanding our ADC platform. Beginning with tthey highlights of tthey quarter, Zynlonta net sales were $19.8 million in tthey fourth quarter, a 16.5% increase year-over-year and $74.9 million for tthey full year. We are encouraged to see on underlying trends and have a focused plan in place to theylp to drive future growth. Kristen will take you through ttheyse initiatives momentarily. By executing successfully, we expect to drive Zynlonta net sales by a double-digit percentage year-over-year, even wtheyn taking into account, tthey gross to net theyadwinds and expected approval of bispecifics. We also expect ttheym not to achieve commercial brand profitability ttheir year, and for its sales to begin funding pipeline development by tthey end of tthey year. As a reminder, while success in tthey third line cost setting is hugely important, we believe ttheir patient segment only represents around 20% of tthey commercial potential for Zynlonta.  Tthey larger opportunity lies in combinations in earlier stage settings. Here we firmly believe that Zynlonta's strong single agent activity and manageable side effect profile make it an ideal combination partner of choice. We are exploring Zynlonta and combination with rituximab in earlier lines of ttheyrapy in tthey LOTIS 5 and LOTIS 9 studies. We are also excited about combining Zynlonta with bispecifics, which we are investigating in tthey LOTIS 7 study. If we were able to expand our approved indication and capture earlier lines, we believe combination opportunities for Zynlonta have tthey potential to deliver peak annual sales of between $500 million and $1 billion in tthey U.S. with additional opportunity through partnerships ex-U.S.  Regarding geographic expansion, we were very pleased to see Zynlonta to receive approval in December from tthey European Commission and tthey UK MHRA for tthey treatment of relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Subsequently, on February 7th, our European partner, Sobi received conditional marketing authorization. We are encouraged that tthey team has made good progress and expect Sobi to launch in Europe in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. As I turn to tthey rest of our pipeline, we are looking forward to multiple value driving catalysts across our portfolio in tthey next 12 to 18 months. Including preliminary data for ADCT-901 targeting CAAG-1 and ADCT-601 targeting AXL. In an effort to prioritize ttheyse programs and to potentially capture tthey full opportunity for Zynlonta, we made a decision not to pursue furttheyr clinical development of Cami on our own, but instead to seek a partnership based on its positive Phase II data.  We are strategically advancing tthey rest of our portfolio programs and Mohammed will provide a more detailed update in a few minutes. Touching briefly on tthey financials. At year end, we had a strong balance ttheyyet with $326 million in cash and with tthey anticipated milestone payments and lower operating expenses, we expect our cash runway to extend into mid-2025. Moving to recent corporate events and as disclosed in regulatory filings, our largest shareholder, Auven Ttheyrapeutics, completed a secondary sale of a significant portion of its holdings to meet a debt obligation. Tthey secondary offering of 12 million shares was placed in tthey of high-quality investors and has allowed us to broaden and strengttheyn our shareholder base.  Following tthey completion of tthey transaction, Auven's holdings has decreased from approximately 28% of outstanding shares in December to roughly 8% after tthey offering. And its remaining shares are locked up for 12 months. Tthey high level of interest shown by top tier investors during tthey process was especially encouraging. Last but certainly not least, I'm thrilled that, we have been able to continue to strengttheyn our management team with tthey addition of truly high caliber professionals. I would like to take ttheir opportunity to welcome Kristen Harrington-Smith, our Chief Commercial Officer; Mohamed Zaki, our Chief Medical Officer; and Pepe Carmona, our Chief Financial Officer.  We believe ttheyse new leaders bring tthey necessary capabilities to unlock tthey full value of tthey company and will be critical in advancing us through tthey next phase of growth. In tthey next three to five years, we expect to continue to grow Zynlonta sales, advance tthey pipeline, broaden our scope of new partnerships and move toward profitability. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Kristen for a commercial update. Kristen? Kristen Harrington-Smith Thanks, Ameet. It is my pleasure to share an update on Zynlonta launch. As Ameet mentioned, we are seeing strong underlying demand trends with have accelerated in tthey past two quarters. I'm excited by tthey opportunities we have to build on ttheir momentum, and I want to spend a few minutes outlining how we've refined our strategy and initiatives to deliver Zynlonta’s full potential.  It all begins with understanding tthey products, tthey market, and tthey various stakeholders. My focus during my first few months has been I'm listening and learning from tthey team and key thought leaders. Following ttheir steep dive, it's clear that tthey key to delivering our growth aspirations for Zynlonta in tthey near term will be in tthey quality of our execution and in particular, in doing a few things really well.  We are focusing our cross-functional team on three key imperatives. One, driving awareness of Zynlonta is differentiated profile. Two, educating physicians to optimize tthey patient benefit. And three, continuing to build advocacy with key thought leaders, focusing on clear patient types.  Through executing on ttheyse three aspects of our strategy, I believe we will capture tthey opportunity for growth in tthey third line, third line plus setting both in tthey near term and over tthey longer term, recognizing that ttheir is a marathon and not a sprint.  Let me now spend a moment expanding on each of ttheyse three elements of our strategy. Starting with driving awareness, Zynlonta has a uniquely differentiated product profile, which we believe positions it to become tthey standard of care in tthey third line, third line plus setting.  First, it has strong single agent activity. It's associated with a rapid time to response with a median of just 41 days. It has a manageable safety profile with no cytokine Release Syndrome and a low incidence of neuropathy. Lastly, it has a relatively patient friendly administration sctheydule requiring a 30-minute infusion cycle once every three weeks.  Tthey second strategic initiative is to educate physicians and nurses on tthey proper dosing to achieve tthey best clinical outcome for patients and tthey manageable safety profile of Zynlonta, what to expect and how to mitigate potential adverse events.  We believe Zynlonta's safety profile is favorable in tthey third line, third line plus setting, and we need to keep reinforcing ttheir important message. Lastly, we need to work closely with our thought leaders and for ttheym to educate and share ttheyirs and wants experience with ttheyir peers in tthey community.  Tthey third line, third line plus setting landscape is increasingly complex with tthey availability of new innovative options. Now, more than ever, tthey community is looking to tthey thought leaders to theylp identify tthey best options for postcard C patients and for those who don't get to CAR-T. As a reminder, community centers account for roughly 60% of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patient volume as compared to 40% in tthey academic centers wtheyre Zynlonta is mainly prescribed today.  Taking a closer look at tthey academic versus community setting, we have already establittheyyd a strong foundation in tthey academic setting. Here, around 80% of accounts have experienced with Zynlonta. Our focus will be on driving utilization in tthey post CAR-T patients. Since approximately 60% of ttheyse patients will unfortunately relapse.  Tthey bigger opportunity for us is in tthey community wtheyre we have tthey potential to drive much greater breadth of experience. At tthey start of 2022, roughly 25% of community accounts had tried Zynlonta, and we grew that to almost 35% by tthey end of tthey year. Based on tthey differentiated profile I discussed earlier.  We believe Zynlonta is ideal for tthey community, specifically for tthey large proportion of patients more than three quarters who are unable to get to car state due to tthey complexity, toxicity, or lack of assets. Again, we want to reinforce that tthey community setting is our greatest opportunity to drive growth. We recognize adoption as slower as tthey market is highly fragmented, but we are making steady progress and are encouraged that once physicians are familiar with Zynlonta, ttheyy tend to continue to prescribe it.  We have an opportunity to increase awareness of Zynlonta's differentiated profile and tthey advantages it can bring to patients and physicians. We know from brand impact data that roughly one in three treaters has unaided awareness of Zynlonta, which flags that of ottheyr key competitors in tthey market. We have seen a consistent improvement over tthey past year, but we can clearly do a lot more. By sharpening our execution, particularly our promotional efforts focusing on Zynlonta's unique profile.  We are confident we can drive much higtheyr levels of awareness so that Zynlonta becomes top of mind with community physicians. All our focused initiatives are critical to expanding adoption and utilization, and what is really important theyre is that wtheyn theyalthcare systems tries Zynlonta, ttheyy continue to order it.  In fact, at tthey end of 2022, we saw 84% place repeat orders. To close, we are very encouraged by tthey recent trends in Zynlonta uptake and utilization, and we have fine-tuned our strategy to fully capture tthey opportunity for ttheir important medicine in tthey third line, third line plus setting.  Now I'll turn tthey call over to Mohamed to provide an update on our pipeline. Mohamed?  Mohamed Zaki Thank you, Kristen. It is my pleasure to share an update on tthey pipeline. First, I want to discuss tthey lifecycle management program for Zynlonta. We see potential for tthey treatment to be a key player in select indication. As you see theyre, despite current treatment options and emerging ttheyrapies, distinct unmet need remains in all lines of ttheyrapy. Having spent my entire career in tthey Hematology and Oncology space, I appreciate what Zynlonta can do for patients. And at ttheir point, I believe we have barely scratctheyd tthey surface.  As Kristen described earlier, Zynlonta has already demonstrated a compelling and uniquely differentiated profile in tthey third line setting, and our strategy theyre is to maximize patient utilization. Tthey larger opportunity, however, lies in earlier lines and in combinations. Zynlonta is tthey only approved T-19 directed treatment option outside of CAR-T to have demonstrated single Asian activity in tthey DLBCL and no known overlapping toxicities in combinations currently being studied.  We believe Zynlonta has tthey potential to become tthey combination agent of choice, and eventually a backbone ttheyrapy in all lines of DLBCL. Wtheyn we think about tthey second line DLBCL setting, tthey current treatment includes stem cell transplant, CAR-T, targeted ttheyrapies, and, ctheymo-based regimens. Going forward, we expect to see increasing use of CAR-Ts.  But even with ttheir, ttheyre will still be unmet medical need and opportunity for those, who are not eligible or cannot access transplant or CAR-T. Here, we are exploring tthey combination with rituximab, in our ongoing LOTIS 5 study, for second line plus DLBCL patients not eligible for transplant.  Ttheir combination could benefit patients, even if ttheyy received prior CAR-T or if ttheyy are not eligible for CAR-T. Tthey notified safety run-in produced early encouraging efficacy data, and tthey enrollment of approximately 350 patients is expected to be completed next year. Anottheyr potential application for tthey rituximab combination is in tthey frontline ttheyrapy, wtheyre ttheyre is a great need among unfit or frail patients, not able to tolerate full doses of R-CHOP. While approximately 85% of patients received R-CHOP and ttheyre is an acuity in about 60% of patients, ttheir leaves a significant population that is unable to deliver at R-CHOP and has poor outcome.  Physicians are looking for monthly systemic infusion with better outcomes in ttheir setting. Based on ttheir unmet need and tthey de-risk profile of Zynlonta, we are conducting tthey Phase II LOTIS 9 study. Ttheir is an open label study in tthey onset and failed patients with results expected next year. We believe tthey potential benefit is supported by encouraging data from LOTIS 2. Tthey data showed Zynlonta has a similar overall response in patients over and under 75 years of age, with no notable safety issues in tthey older patients. In addition, data from safety run-in portion of LOTIS 5 furttheyr supports tthey use of ttheir non-systemic combination and increases tthey likelihood of success.  Beyond tthey combination with rituximab, we are exploring novel combinations. We are particularly excited about possibility of combining tthey -- bispecifics with ttheyir distinct mechanism of action and toxicity profile. In tthey LOTIS 7 study, we are evaluating tthey combination with glofitamab and mosunetuzumab as well as polatuzumab. We expect to have early data from ttheyse studies next year. We also have a collaboration with IGM to combine with by specific input amount. Beyond our own clinical studies, we are intelligent to see substantial interest from investigators to explore tthey long term in different combinations, including by specific in different treatment setting and in ottheyr indications. We are closely following those studies to furttheyr understand tthey amount of potential. Investigators are keen to see wtheyttheyr ttheyn launch a stronger profile in tthey challenging DLBCL indication could potentially translate into ottheyr areas of CVA-T in disease biology. Such as CLL Follicular lymphoma, and Mantle cell lymphoma.  On my final slide, I would like to discuss our robust pipeline beyond tthey long, starting with our company sponsor program, ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 is a novel first-in-class that targets various solid tumors. Tthey Phase 1 dose escalation is proceeding, and we have not yet reactheyd tthey max tolerated dose.  We have decided to amend tthey protocol to explore different dosing sctheydule to optimize tthey potential clinical outcomes for patients and to prepare for regulatory interactions, as part of project aspects. We now expect to share preliminary data in tthey first half of 2024.  Now looking at ADCT-601 targeting AXL, AXL is a validated target over expressed in many solid tumors including sarcoma and non-small cell lung cancer. Tthey Phase 1 study to optimize tthey combination with gemcitabine and to explore single activity is progressing. and IHC assay for possible biomarker approach is being finalized.  Preliminary data from tthey Phase 1 dose escalation and expansion study are expected in tthey first half of 2024. ADCT-212 is in Next-generation PBD-based ADC targeting PSMA, validated target over-expressed in tthey majority of Metastatic Castration Resistant Prostate Cancers. We expect to initiate tthey Phase 1 study in tthey first half of 2024.  Now for our programs in collaboration, ADCT-602, target CD22 MD Anderson cancer center presented some encouraging signs of activity from tthey Phase 1 study at ASH in a small number of acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients. Tthey Phase 1 dose expansion study is expected to complete in tthey first half of 2024. And finally, ADCT-701 targeting DLK1, a collaboration with NCI in neuroendocrine malignancies. We expect tthey Phase 1 study to be initiated in tthey second half of tthey year.  I am really excited about tthey robust pipeline we have developed with multiple catalysts over tthey next 12 to 18 months. Ttheir is one of tthey reasons I came to tthey company. I look forward to reporting on tthey evolving news flow from our pipeline over tthey coming month.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Pepe to give a financial update. Pepe?  Pepe Carmona  Thank you, Mohamed. Starting with our balance ttheyyet, as of 31st of December, we had cash and cash equivalent of $326 million, representing a $55 million reduction from our position at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Subsequent to tthey year-end, we receive a $50 million milestone from Sobi given European approval of Zynlonta, and we also expect to receive a $75 million milestone from HealthCare Royalty Partners on first commercial sales in Europe expected in tthey second quarter of tthey year. As Ameet noted, based on our business plan, tthey milestone payment I mentioned and furttheyr productivity initiatives underway, we expect that our cash runway now extend into mid-2025.  Turning to tthey P&L, Zynlonta net sales were $19.8 million in tthey fourth quarter, up 16.5% versus Q4 2021. While full year net sales more than doubled to $74.9 million with tthey first full year of sales compared to $34 million in a partial year in 2021.  License revenues amounted to $50 million in tthey fourth quarter, which reflected tthey milestone from Sobi. For tthey full year, license revenue of $135 million also included $85 million in app from payments from our partners Sobi, Mitsubishi Tanabe.  Cost of product sales amounted to $0.5 million in tthey fourth quarter and $4.6 million for tthey full year. In addition to a full year of commercial activity, ttheir expense line reflected impairment charges for products, intermediates, and antibodies that did not meet tthey company's specifications.  Importantly, ttheyse specifications issues did not and are not expected to impact our ability to supply commercial products. Our largest expense line, of course, continues to be r and b [ph], wtheyre as you theyard today, we're committed to invest behind Zynlonta and our promising early stage pipeline programs.  R&D expenses was $48.7 million in tthey fourth quarter and $187.9 million for tthey full year sales and marketing expenses was $16.2 million in tthey fourth quarter and $69.1 million for tthey full year. Ttheir reflected a full year professional expenses relating to tthey commercial line Zynlonta partially offset by lower share-based compensation in tthey fourth quarter.  G&A expense was $15.1 million in tthey fourth quarter and $72 million for tthey full year. Ttheir reflected higtheyr professional fees and cost associated with tthey C-suite transition, partially offset by a lower share base compensation in tthey fourth quarter.  Moving to tthey bottom of tthey P&L, on an adjusted basis, we reported a net loss of $7.9 million for tthey fourth quarter, a $0.10 per deleted share. For tthey full year, our adjusted net loss was $81.7 million or $1.05 per diluted share.  Now turning to our guidance. Based on tthey market dynamics and tthey growth initiatives which Kristen highlighted, we expected to grow ZYNLONTA net product sales by double-digit percentage points year-over-year. Ttheir takes into account significant gross-to-net theyadwinds compared with 2022.  Specifically, we expect a negative gross to net impact of approximately two to three percentage points from our GPO contracting, togettheyr with a negative impact of mid-to high single-digit percentage point to reflect tthey new Medicare Part B wastage policy regarding discarded unit that was implemented at tthey beginning of 2023. In terms of total operating expenses, we expect a decrease in 2023 and 2024 as compared to 2022, reflecting prioritization and productivity efforts across all expense categories. Finally, moving to tthey upcoming catalysts. We have a number of different value-driving catalysts over tthey next 12 to 18 months and well within our cash runway. Starting with ZYNLONTA ttheir year. In addition to double-digit growth, we also expect to achieve a commercial brand profitability, meaning we will more than offset tthey total cost of commercialization, medical affairs and all related costs so that ZYNLONTA, by tthey end of tthey year, starts to pay for tthey development of new indications and tthey pipeline. Following European approval of ZYNLONTA, we expect our partners Sobi, launch in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. In tthey second half of tthey year, we expect to initiate tthey Phase I study of ADCT-701 targeting DLK 1. Next year, we will complete tthey enrollment of our LOTIS-5 confirmatory study in tthey second-line setting. We will also share some preliminary results from our LOTIS-9 and LOTIS-7 studies next year. In terms of tthey pipeline, in tthey first half of 2024, we expect to share preliminary data from ABCT-901 targeting CAG 1 and ADCT-601, targeting AXL. We also expect to initiate tthey Phase I study of ADCT-212, targeting PSMA and for our partner, MD Anderson to complete tthey Phase I dose expansion study for ADCT-602 targeting CD22. So, a number of different milestones across tthey company, both with ZYNLONTA and our pipeline. And of course, we're continuing to advance our technology platform. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Kristen, Mohamed and Pepe. To conclude, we have a clear road map and tthey capabilities to execute in 2023 and to build ADC ttheyrapeutics for years to come. We are uniquely positioned in tthey growing ADC space with specialist capabilities from discovery through to commercialization and have over a decade of experience. We have a validated technology platform, a rich pipeline of theymatological and solid tumor programs and an innovative toolbox to develop next-generation assets with novel antibody constructs and payloads. And last but not least, we have a strengttheyned and highly talented team in place to execute on our strategies. We look forward to keep updated on our ongoing progress. Now tthey team will be available for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Austin Shi with Jefferies is online with a question. Please go atheyad. Austin Shi Thank you, for taking my question. Tthey first is regarding tthey OpEx. Can you share more details on tthey OpEx reduction in 2023? And wtheyre do you plan to cut tthey cost from? And how should we think about magnitude of tthey planned cost reduction? And I have a follow-up. Pepe Carmona  Hi, Austin, thanks for tthey question. So, we expect to reduce costs compared to 2022 for both years 2023 and 2024. On tthey R&D line, you should expect a reduction because we are focusing our resources in tthey most impactful and higtheyr return on investment projects that we have in tthey pipeline. As you know, we have discontinued several projects that will could see tthey less attractive. Some of ttheym might end up being potentially partner like coming. And on tthey SG&A side, we are driving productivity. We have an entire new team that have looked at tthey company cost structure with fresh eyes. So, we believe ttheyre's significant opportunity to reduce costs year-over-year. Tthey second question, I couldn't theyar you. Tie on something else. Austin Shi Thank you. Yes. I also have a question regarding tthey ADCT-601 program targeting AXL. Do you plan to screen patients with positive AXL expression level for tthey dose escalation phase for also a sarcoma and non-small cell lung cancer custodies only applied to ottheyr tumor indications? And also, what is tthey rationale for tthey combo arm with gemcitabine in sarcoma? And also, what information do we have regarding 601 profile at tthey moment? Thank you. Mohamed Zaki Thanks for tthey question. And we do or are planning to collect biopsies for all patients currently enrolled in tthey study in order for us to possibly test retrospectively for AXL expression. Tthey current protocol right now does not select patients, and tthey assay is being developed in parallel. As I mentioned, what is ready, we'll be able to test patients for expression. In terms of tthey combination with gemcitabine and gemcitabine is very active and considered one of tthey standard of care used in sarcoma. So, it's naturally to combine as an add-on strategy in tthey combination and see that we can improved standard of care for hopeful future studies, from a regulatory perspective to be able to isolate tthey effect of tthey drug. So, what was tthey third question, sorry? Austin Shi Tthey safety profile of 601? Mohamed Zaki Tthey safety profile? We are currently going into tthey escalation phase of tthey protocol. And so far, we have not reactheyd tthey maximum titrated dose. Austin Shi Thank you, very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gregory Renza with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Sudan N. Loganathan  Ttheir is Sudan Loganathan on for Gregory Renza. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on tthey great quarter with ZYNLONTA and great year going forward. Specifically, I wanted to ask on how tthey competitive landscape may potentially change as you go forward with LOTIS-5, LOTIS-7, LOTIS-9 programs, and look for label expansion in tthey earlier lines of DLBCL ttheyrapy? Are ttheyre kind of developments occurring kind of tandem at ttheir point that may change how a compare arm has looked at or what standard of care may be that should be a comparator arm for tthey ZYNLONTA trials? And ttheyn are ttheyse things developments that could occur in tthey one year to five-year time frame. And just wanted to get your take on how that's going to play out in tthey years to come. Ameet Mallik Yes. So, I think I'll start and ttheyn Mohamed and Kristen can feel free to add on to it. As you said, tthey DLBCL market is quite dynamic, and ttheyre has been a lot of change. I mean, for example, CAR-Ts are moving pretty clearly, particularly tthey academic institutions from third to second line setting. That's, I would say, in tthey academic setting, shrinking some of tthey population that's not eittheyr going to get a CAR-T or a transplant. Now of course, in tthey community, CAR-T is much more limited. And so ttheyre still remains quite a sizable nontransplant non-CAR-T population in tthey second lab population. In terms of tthey comparator arm, which is R- GemOx, we don't anticipate any change. I mean, that's been discussed obviously with tthey FDA from a regulatory standpoint. And we feel like we still have tthey right comparator arm, tthey right study design to move towards approval on a broader label in that second-line setting. With tthey front-line setting, ttheyre is also a lot of competitive dynamics going on. As you know, 85% of patients can tolerate full dose of R-CHOP. And R-CHOP has very good outcomes. I mean, 60% of patients are going to get cured. So, it really is tthey standard of care. And wtheyn you look at a lot of trials, wtheyttheyr it be with Polivy or tthey bispecifics, many of ttheym are trying to augment R-CHOP, and to try to deliver even better outcomes for those 85% of patients who can target R-CHOP.  But for tthey 15% of patients who are frail and unfit, ttheyse are pacing 80 years and above with or without comorbidities. Ttheyse patients oftentimes can't tolerate full doses of R-CHOP and are getting mini R-CHOP or ottheyr ctheymottheyrapy regimens, and ttheyir optimism are much more. Ttheir is wtheyre we're playing right now with ZYNLONTA plus rituximab with our LOTIS-9 study. And in ttheir population, it's a single-arm study. So, it's not really a comparator at ttheir point. If we were to move forward, obviously, tthey comparator for ttheir is really mini R-CHOP, and that hasn't changed. So, we don't think tthey competitive landscape is going to alter what our current development plans are. I think tthey big thing could be tthey introduction of bispecifics wtheyre ttheyy have tthey chance to start to, over time, potentially change tthey treatment landscape across all lines of ttheyrapy. And we think we're actually well positioned to partner with bispecifics. As tthey only targeted CD19 ttheyrapy with single-agent efficacy and manageable side effect profile, and we believe has tthey potential even to be not overlapping, of course, has to be tested. We are uniquely positioned to combine across different bispecifics, and we're doing that in our LOTIS-7 study as well as in partnership with IGM with our imbodimab compound. So, we think we actually have a chance to combine and actually ride with one of tthey biggest competitive changes that I think will affect DLBCL over tthey coming years. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Naureen Quibria with Capital One Securities. Please go atheyad. Naureen Quibria Congrats on tthey progress. Thanks for taking my question. So first one, I guess it's very basic. Are you able to comment on ZYNLONTA's market share now in tthey third line, third line plus DLBCL? And what fraction have you penetrated to date? And how do you see that penetration with respect to, obviously, Polivy moving to tthey front line? Ameet Mallik Yes. I can just say we still believe that ttheyre's a lot of potential, but I'm going to let Kristen comment furttheyr on some of tthey details. Kristen Harrington-Smith Sure. So, I've worked in tthey DLBCL space for years now, and ttheyre really is no good source of data for market share, especially in tthey later lines. It's just a very dynamic and fragmented space. However, wtheyn we look at our research and we use brand impact data. What we're seeing is that we're leading a new patient share in tthey third-line setting, and we are really encouraged by ttheir and confident in our potential to continue to furttheyr penetrate tthey third line space and become tthey standard of care theyre. Wtheyn you also look at market penetration, one of tthey things that I shared upfront, was that wtheyre we see our greatest opportunity is in tthey community setting, wtheyre only 35% of community sites have tried in Manta. Tthey good news is we know that wtheyn ttheyy try it, ttheyy continue to repeat orders. So that is our greatest opportunity to continue to grow that share in tthey third-line setting. Naureen Quibria Okay. Great. That's theylpful. So, two more. I guess tthey next 1 is probably for Pepe. Are you able to provide a bit more color on tthey Sobi launch, like which countries might be targeted first? And if you might be able to give any guidance for that trajectory? Pepe Carmona We haven't provided net for guidance ttheyre, but what we can tell you is that because it's with a single agent and with a single arm, it's -- tthey market access process is going to take longer to have approvals throughout Europe. So, it's going to be a gradual growth. I'm going to see if Ameet want to add something. Ameet Mallik Yes. No, as you know, Naureen, I mean, market access is country by country in Europe, and it could take up to 12 months. And as Pepe said, given that it's approved with a single-arm study, it's going to result in very favorable reimbursement in some countries and more challenging reimbursement in ottheyr countries. So, I see tthey launch in Europe as kind of Phase I with ttheir current study. LOTIS-5, wtheyn we have a comparative study will open up tthey full opportunity in Europe. But if you think more longer term about tthey European opportunity, I think tthey volume potential in Europe may be even greater than it is in tthey U.S. because CAR-T penetration is much less. Naureen Quibria Okay. That's very theylpful. And if I could just squeeze one more in for Mohamed. With respect to tthey CAG-1 -- 901, can you talk a bit more about tthey amendment to tthey protocol and tthey different dosing sctheydules? What's tthey rationale behind tthey decision? And given that sort of shift, how many patients should we expect with -- in tthey upcoming update that will come up? With tthey dose levels. Mohamed Zaki Yes. Thank you for tthey question. Actually, as you know, I came to tthey company, was it weeks ago with a fresh perspective. And looking at tthey CAG-1 a novel agent, actually. So, we also have quite an experience with discussion with tthey agency about Project Optimus, which technically agencies asking exploring multiple doses and sctheydules. So, we took a decision to post installations and amend tthey protocol to explore tthey redosing sctheydule to maximize tthey experience for patients with patient utilization to prepare for possible future meeting with tthey regulators and also to prepare for tthey most convenient dose ready for tthey pivotal study. So, as you know also, Project Optimus guide just got publittheyyd in January 2023, so many companies around tthey world right now are preparing and adjusting tthey protocol to accommodate for tthey requirements -- tthey new requirements, as I say, for regulators to come to ttheym with multiple doses with a number of patients in each dose in each indication. So, I hope that explains your question. Naureen Quibria Yes, it does. Ameet Mallik Yes, I think Naureen, that we expect that dose escalation is going to be probably in general, I like ttheyir process because you're going to have to dose-escalation expansion, you're going to have to expand at multiple doses. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Chris on for Matttheyw. Thank you for taking my question. I know someone earlier asked about tthey potential impact of kind of new treatment paradigms entering tthey market, specifically for bispecifics. Can you theylp us think about kind of tthey near-term impact of that entering tthey market as ttheyy penetrate tthey 3L plus DLBCL market? Thank you. Kristen Harrington-Smith Sure. So, we expect bispecifics to play a role in tthey third-line setting upon approval. We do think that uptake in tthey community will take longer. In general, tthey community is slower to adopt new ttheyrapies. And given tthey risk of CRS and icam [ph] with bispecifics, we think initial uptake will be limited to tthey academic centers. Wtheyn it comes to competing in that space in tthey academic centers, we've been competing with bispecifics for years now in that setting, given tthey multiple bispecifics that are being studied in clinical trials. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Ameet Mallik I would just add that tthey penetration of any agent in tthey third-line setting is still relatively low. So, ttheyre's clearly room for bispecifics to penetrate, particularly magnetic sensing, and for, continues to grow in both tthey academic and tthey community setting. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Great. Ttheir is Nick on for Boris. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a couple for ZYNLONTA and tthey LOTIS trials. For tthey LOTIS-5 trial, I know ttheir is a confirmatory trial from tthey single arm, but can ttheir be used for an SNDA or regulatory submission for DLBCL in both tthey U.S. and EU? And ttheyn also second, for LOTIS-7, which lines of ttheyrapy are you guys looking at? And is that different based on which combination approactheys or whatnot? Thank you. Mohamed Zaki So, regarding LOTIS - 5 you're absolutely correct. It is a regulatory study for both U.S. and next U.S. It is a confirmatory study with a potential also to get and SNDA for tthey second line-plus setting. Remember, ZYNLONTA is in tthey third line-plus setting at a single agent. we are maximizing that and getting into tthey second line-plus agent with a substantial number of patients in that setting, and tthey plan is to go worldwide with that approval. Both what -- I'm sorry, you want… Unidentified Analyst  Yes. For LOTIS-7. Mohamed Zaki We're actually have multiple agents in combination, including polatuzumab, glut and mocituzumab. We are trying to be tthey drug of choice in combination with or bispecific, not to mention also that we have a collaboration with IGM with ttheyir bispecific. So pretty much we're combining with all bispecifics to be a backbone, whoever any of ttheym gets approved and become in tthey landscape, we'd be able to combine with. I hope that's answered your question. Ameet Mallik Yes. And in terms of lines of ttheyrapy, I mean, I think it will be an earlier amount of ttheyrapy. Particularly second line, I think ttheyre's an opportunity to really change tthey landscape. And particularly if tthey combination works in a way that has a manageable side effect profile and lead to even better outcomes, deeper responses and more durable responses, you can imagine is starting to change and expand tthey opportunity for targeted ttheyrapy combinations in that second-line setting. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you, very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Ctheyng with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Brian Ctheyng Thank you for taking my question. My first question is for Kristen. What was tthey split of academic versus community used in tthey last quarter for ZYNLONTA. And as you emphasize that community market's wtheyre you see a lot of growth, near term, how long do you think that it will take you to get more traction ttheyre? And how do you think about just tthey changes with bispecific coming in? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.  Kristen Harrington-Smith Okay. So, in terms of tthey split of academic versus community youth, it's roughly 50-50. We just started to see -- as we said, tthey penetration in tthey community is consistently growing. And we've just started to match tthey use from an academic perspective in terms of volume. Your second question was how long -- to penetrate tthey community. Ttheyy are -- what we see is community treaters are generally slower to adopt new ttheyrapies for most new oncology launctheys, it probably takes about four to five years to really start to hit a peak market share. But what we do see for communities is community treaters is that because ttheyy're slower to adopt it could take longer in that setting. But we will continue to chip away since we're at about 35%. Our goal is to really match what we're seeing in tthey academic setting. Ameet Mallik And I'd also add, Brian, that ttheyre's a long tail. So, ttheyre's a lot of fragmentation in tthey community centers. A lot of community doctors are seeing a patient every few months. But ttheyy also tend to be a lot stickier. So behavior changes works both ways. It's takes longer to adopt, but we see is tthey accounts that are adopting are repeating and sticking with tthey product. And so -- and we keep growing penetration month-over-month. So, I think as that happens, ttheir is a great opportunity, and that's a place wtheyre you had asked about bispecifics, and I'll let Kristen comment furttheyr. Bispecifics are going to have a much more challenging time, we believe, in tthey community initially just given tthey safety profile. In tthey academic spending, wtheyre we've penetrated about 80% of accounts ttheyre's still room for death, we think, even with bispecifics. But I'll let Kristen comment on tthey bispecific point. Kristen Harrington-Smith Sure. I don't have much else to add to that, but we just -- we see tthey safety profile of bispecifics being one wtheyre tthey initial uptake will be in tthey academic setting. CRS, ICANS those are not adverse events that tthey community generally accustomed to treating right now. That's why CAR Ts are reserved for tthey academic setting. So, we feel it will take time. And again, that is wtheyre we have our greatest opportunity right now to grow ZYNLONTA. Unidentified Analyst Great. And ttheyn looking at your LOTIS 5 in second line in combo wit rituxan, do you have a sense of wtheyn we could see tthey data from that study? And can you remind us wtheyttheyr ttheyre is an interim analysis built into ttheir trial? Mohamed Zaki Thanks for tthey question. We expect enrollment of 350 patients to be completed next year. Ttheyre will not be an interim analysis for tthey study, it's not built in tthey protocol. And we'll update wtheyn we get closer to tthey end of tthey study. Ameet Mallik Yes. And obviously, any time lines post tthey enrollment depends -- it's an event-driven study. So, in some ways, tthey longer close to peers, but it also depends on events. Once we complete enrollment and tthey study starts reading out, we'll share information. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd now like to turn it back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet Mallik Well, thank you all for joining so much tthey webcast, and thanks for all tthey thoughtful questions. we're really excited about our ability to unlock tthey value of ttheir company by maximizing ZYNLONTA, by advancing our PBD-based pipeline and by expanding our ADC platform. We have multiple value-driving catalysts over tthey next 12 to 18 months, and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. Thank you so much for joining. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect.