ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Terry Hamilton – Manager-Investor Relations Chris Martin – Chief Executive Officer Jay Feingold – Chief Medical Officer Jenn Creel – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Matttheyw Harrison – Morgan Stanley Operator Thank you for holding. Good morning and welcome to Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2020 Financial and Operating Results Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I’d like to turn it over to Terry Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager at ADC Ttheyrapeutics. Please proceed. Terry Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2020 financial results and business updates. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today’ call; Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Jay Feingold, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer will discuss recent business highlights and review our third quarter 2020 financial results. In addition, Michael Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer, will be available for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements due to various factors. We refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding forward-looking statements in Exhibit 99.2 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today for furttheyr information on forward-looking statements. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. In addition during today’s call, we will be presenting certain non-IFRS financial information that management uses wtheyn monitoring and evaluating operational performance, generating future operating plans and making strategic decisions regarding tthey allocation of capital. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. We refer you to tthey section titled Use of Non-IFRS Financial Measures in Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today, for furttheyr information on non-IFRS financial measures, including reconciliation of IFRS to non-IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Chris Martin Thanks, Terry and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I’m pleased to be theyre today to share our recent corporate and clinical accomplishments. Our team has made tremendous progress over tthey past quarter, as we prepare for tthey launch of our first drug and continue to build out and advance our deep pipeline of highly potent and targeted antibody drug conjugates. I would like to thank our teams for ttheyir resilience and dedication over tthey past month. In September, we reactheyd a major milestone for our organization, announcing tthey submission with our BLA to tthey FDA for our lead program, Lonca. For tthey treatment of relapsed and refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, we have previously discussed ttheir submission is based on data from our pivotal Phase 2 LOTIS 2 trial, which evaluated tthey efficacy and safety of Lonca in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL following two or more lines of prior systemic ttheyrapy, and demonstrated important antitumor activity and durability as well as manageable toxicities across patients with difficult-to-treat disease. We are expecting to receive FDA feedback on ttheir submission later ttheir month, and in anticipation of our pending PDUFA date, we are currently preparing to launch longer in 2021. In order to prepare for launch, we have recruited highly experienced and focused oncology commercial and Medical Affairs teams, based about our New Jersey offers. Despite COVID restrictions, ttheir team is collaborating seamlessly and engaging key DLBCL stakeholders. As we anticipate tthey FDA acceptance of our BLA later ttheir month, we have continued our efforts to ensure a quick sales team build in 2021 comprising predominantly of theymatology oncologist specialists with knowledge and network to effectively communicate tthey Lonca value proposition to key stakeholders. Tthey sales force will cover more than 90% of tthey DLBCL opportunity and we anticipate a hybrid approach with launch due to COVID-19. Ttheyrefore, we are starting and training all members of our commercial and medical organizations to be prepared, if it’s between face-to-face and virtual launch activities. We have built tthey multichannel engagement plan to ensure that all key audiences, physicians, nurses, office managers, payers, and patients receive tthey necessary information and support to ensure rapid and easy access to safe administration of Lonca. As part of our Lonca preparations, we have had tthey opportunity to engage with theyalthcare professionals and advisory boards, and market research regarding Lonca’s maturing protocol, and I’m pleased to report that tthey profile resonates really well. theymatologists-oncologists have shared with us ttheyir challenges to find an agent in tthey third line in relapsed/refractory DLBCL that can potentially address tthey majority of ttheyir patients, be it a transplant eligible or ineligible, high-risk disease, theyavily pretreated or refractory populations. Based on feedback from physicians on Lonca’s efficacy, tolerability protocol and leads of administration, we believe Lonca had tthey opportunity to become tthey standard of care in third line based on our competitive profile versus ottheyr available options. In addition to our Lonca commercial preparations, we have continued to progress and expand our product line. I’m pleased to hand tthey call over to Chief Medical Officer, Jay Feingold, who will now discuss those programs with you in more detail. Jay? Jay Feingold Thank you, Chris and good morning. I am pleased to present an update today on both our clinical and preclinical programs in addition to providing some additional information regarding our upcoming ASH presentations. Overall, we continue our plan to expand tthey use of Lonca to earlier lines of ttheyrapy for patients with DLBCL, with both our pivotal Phase 2 combination study with ibrutinib and tthey opening of sites for our confirmatory Phase 3 study in combination with rituximab and to expand tthey use of Lonca into ottheyr cancer types with tthey pivotal Phase 2 trial in follicular lymphoma. For Cami, we continue involvement of our pivotal Phase 2 trial for patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma with tthey trial now 65% involved and recently expanded Cami’s Phase 1b study in solid tumors to add a combination arm with pembro and dosed our first patient. I will also provide a brief update on tthey Phase 1/2 study for ADCT-602 and tthey Phase 1 study, ADCT-601, moving into a combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. First, let me give you an update on Lonca and our continuing lifecycle development plan. As we approactheyd tthey anticipated approval of Lonca next year, we are broadening our lifecycle development program. First, we are investigating its potential as an early line of treatment in relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Our LOTIS 5 trial, tthey Phase 3 confirmatory clinical trial, evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of Lonca in combination with rituximab versus standard immunoctheymottheyrapy in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, were not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant is now open for enrollment. Ttheir study is designed to support a supplemental biologics license application for Lonca as a second-line ttheyrapy, and to fill a post-marketing requirement to tthey FDA for full approval, if accelerated approval was granted for relapsed/refractory DLBCL. We continue to enroll patients in our pivotal Phase 2 trial of Lonca in combination with ibrutinib and relapsed/refractory DLBCL and mantle cell lymphoma, which in a Phase 1b, showed a promising effect on overall and complete response rate along with manageable toxicity. In addition, we are planning to initiate a dose finding study of Lonca in combination with R-CHOP in previously untreated DLBCL patients in tthey first half of 2021. Finally, we expand to new theirtologies, but Lonca has demonstrated encouraging activity, including follicular lymphoma that we plan to initiate Phase 2 trial and relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma in tthey first half of 2021. With regard to our second lead program, Cami, tthey pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma, who have failed at least three prior lines of ttheyrapy, continues to enroll. Ttheyre are 65 patients enrolled as of November 6 and we remain on track to announce furttheyr data in tthey first half of 2021. Data from ttheir trial is intended to support tthey submission of tthey BLA to tthey FDA. In addition to our Hodgkin lymphoma program, we continue to advance our phase 1b clinical trial of Cami in solid tumors. In September, we presented preliminary data, tthey ongoing Phase 1b trial in patients with selected advanced locally or metastatic solid tumors in e-poster at tthey European Society for Medical Oncology Virtual Congress 2020. Data presented, which included pharmacokinetics and biomarker evaluations showed that treatment with Cami is associated in some patients with clinically relevant modulation of immune cells, including an increase in CD4-positive and CD8-positive T cells, an increase in soluble CD25 and cytokines in serum post-dosing in a dose-related increase in tthey effector T cell to regulatory T cell ratio. Ttheir presentation followed tthey publication of preclinical data related to Cami in tthey Journal for ImmunoTtheyrapy of Cancer, which demonstrated that single low doses of CD25 targeted ADCs resulted potent and durable antitumor activity against establittheyyd CD25 negative solid tumors with infiltrating Tregs, both as a monottheyrapy and in combination with an anti-PD1 ctheyckpoint inhibitor. Based on ttheyse data, we’ve expanded tthey Phase 1b to evaluate tthey safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and tthey antitumor activity of Cami in combination with pembrolizumab, a ctheyckpoint inhibitor in patients with selected advanced solid tumors. We recently announced that we dosed tthey first patient in tthey Phase 1b expansion and we’ll look forward to sharing tthey data in tthey future. In our earlier stage pipeline, we have a presentation of ASH analyzing tthey preclinical activity in tthey B-cell lymphoma models and potential biomarkers for ADCT-602 targeting CD22, which is currently in a Phase 1/2 development in patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia. We’re also preparing to initiate a Phase 1b combination trial with ADCT-601 targeting AXL in patients with certain solid tumors in tthey second half of 2021. We continue to advance our preclinical programs towards IND submissions and look forward to providing furttheyr updates as ttheyse programs advance. We are pleased that eight of our abstracts were accepted for presentation at tthey American Society of Hematology Jesseual Meeting, which is being theyld virtually from December 5 to December 8. Presentations will feature data on three of tthey companies’ ADCs; Lonca, Cami, and ADCT-602. I’d like to highlight two of Lonca extracts. Tthey first was to provide additional subgroup data in tthey LOTIS 2 pivotal phase 1b trial and relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Ttheir dataset is a more mature data set than previously shared. It will include efficacy and duration of response data, patients, subgroups with high-risk characteristics, as well as patients, who were refractory to first-line ttheyrapy, patients refractory to any line of ttheyrapy, patients who received prior CAR T or patients, who received prior STEM cell transplants. Tthey second poster will highlight interim results from tthey ongoing phase 1b trial of Lonca combined with ibrutinib and relapsed or refractory DLBCL or MCL. Tthey poster will provide more mature data on tthey efficacy and safety for tthey combination. Ttheyre will also be three Cami presentations. We have an oral presentation of tthey interim results from tthey phase 2 trial of Cami and relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. Tthey oral presentation will highlight efficacy and safety data from tthey first 47 patients enrolled as of August 2020. In addition, we will have a poster presentation of PK/PD data from tthey phase 1 study in relapsed or refractory Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and preclinical data showing tthey anti-tumor activity of Cami in combination with gemcitabine. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. Jenn Creel Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. in September, we completed an upsized public offering of 6 million common shares at a price of $34 per share. gross proceeds from tthey public offering were approximately $204 million and tthey funds are intended to support tthey acceleration of Lonca development activities advancing our early pipeline and tthey commercialization of Lonca. Ttheyse funds position tthey company to deliver on tthey many opportunities discussed in today’s call. and now turning to our financials, as we reported in our press release, we ended tthey third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $494 million as compared to approximately $116 million as of December 31, 2019. We used approximately $44 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey third quarter and $117 million in net cash year-to-date. We expect our spend to continue to increase over tthey next few quarters as we prepare for tthey anticipated launch Lonca and continue to invest in our broad pipeline. R&D expense was $32.2 million for tthey third quarter, compared to $30.5 million for tthey same quarter in 2019. tthey increase was primarily due to increased theyadcount to support tthey Lonca BLA submission and multiple Lonca and Cami clinical programs, as well as increased share-based compensation expense. G&A expense was $20.3 million for tthey third quarter compared to $2.3 million for tthey same quarter in 2019. tthey increase was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense and an enhanced commercial team as we prepare for tthey anticipated launch of Lonca. We also saw an increase in investment in our commercial preparations and tthey costs associated with being a public company. Our net loss was $20.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2020, compared to $31.3 million in tthey same quarter of 2019. net loss for tthey quarter includes a $33.9 million non-cash gain related to tthey changes in fair value of derivatives associated with tthey convertible loans under tthey facility agreement with Deerfield. net loss for tthey quarter was also impacted by share-based compensation expense of $11 million. Finally, our adjusted net loss, which excludes certain items, including tthey Deerfield convertible loan and share-based compensation for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $41.3 million compared to $31.1 million in tthey same quarter of 2019. tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.58 in tthey quarter ending September 30, 2020, compared to $0.62 for tthey same quarter in 2019. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Chris Martin Thanks, Jenn. As you can see from today’s call, we have several important upcoming milestones, and it’s certainly an exciting time at ADC ttheyrapeutics. As we’ve got feedback from tthey FDA on our BLA admission, our highly-experienced commercial market access and medical affairs teams are actively preparing for a successful commercial launch next year. Looking forward to tthey first half of next year, we are eager to expand our Lonca development program with tthey start of tthey pivotal Phase 2 in follicular lymphoma, and to review interim results for tthey Cami pivotal phase 2 trial in relapsed/refractory Hodgkin’s lymphoma. We continue to build tthey long-term value company and its assets through investment in Lonca and Cami and are promising earlier stage pipeline programs. We look forward to presenting a number of key datasets during tthey upcoming ASH meeting in December, furttheyr showcasing tthey value and potential about productive ADC platform and development team. We plan to host tthey conference call with Dr. Hamadani, Professor of Internal Medicine and Scientific Director of tthey Division of Hematology and Oncology at Medical College of Wisconsin on Monday, December 7 at 8:00 AM Eastern to highlight our ASH abstracts. I look forward to updating you on our programs in tthey future. And we’ll now open tthey call to your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Matttheyw Harrison Great. good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess maybe, one for Jay and one for Chris. Jay, could you just comment briefly, I guess, and I guess tthey question is more broadly on earlier lines of ttheyrapy in NHL. I mean, I think a lot of investors are trying to figure out tthey competitiveness of that landscape and how to view tthey early data that you have from tthey ibrutinib combination. how that fits in and how much data you think you need to have from that combination before you feel confident that you have a signal ttheyre that is significantly better than competitors. And ttheyn Chris, or maybe, it’s for Chris and Jenn, but could you just comment broadly on how we should think about commercial spend ramping up over tthey course of tthey next few quarters as you get ready for launch? Thanks. Jay Feingold So now, I’ll answer tthey clinical question first. I agree with you that tthey landscape is very competitive and B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and even in – for both DLBCL and follicular lymphoma, as well as mantle cell lymphoma. focusing on DLBCL, with tthey introduction of rituximab about 20 years ago, tthey treatment for DLBCL increased significantly, but since that time, ttheyre’s been little change and it remains very, very difficult to treat disease if tthey patients are not cured in tthey first line. And as you know, about 30% to 40% or in some cases, some studies, patients are not cured in that first line. So, we believe that Lonca, because of its significant activities as a monottheyrapy, has a role in tthey treatment of relapsed/refractory DLBCL in terms of moving up into early lines of ttheyrapy, tthey only that we’ve shared so far and what we’ll see at ASH. I think it’s very interesting in tthey combination of Lonca plus ibrutinib, particularly in non-GCB DLBCL patients, which is wtheyre most of tthey data is at ttheir time. So, we’ll just have to wait and see how it works out. I don’t have a number of mine that would say to me, oh, yes, ttheir is so great. We have to go into a second line or whatever with ttheir combination. I think we need to see more data. We need to see more about tthey durability. but tthey early indications are very positive. Chris Martin Thank you, Jay. Matttheyw, in terms of commercial spend, I’ll let Jenn answer that in detail. I will say that Michael and Joe Camardo in commercial and Medical Affairs would make tremendous progress in ttheir quarter. So, I think building ttheyir teams and interacting as I mentioned in tthey – earlier with tthey theyalthcare professionals and tthey theyalthcare infrastructure more broadly, and ttheyy’ve received very encouraging feedback from those interactions and we continue to recruit tthey commercial and medical affairs field forces ready for deployment, but Jenn, I’ll let you address tthey financial part of that question. Jenn Creel Sure. Thanks, Chris and thanks, Matttheyw for tthey question. As tthey teams have been building out, and as Chris mentioned, we’ve had a lot of progress ttheir year in tthey commercial and Medical Affairs team building throughout ttheir year. So, we have seen our spend increasing steadily throughout ttheir year with that preparation and we’ll continue to see an uptick each quarter as we theyad towards tthey launch – tthey potential launch of Lonca in tthey middle of next year. So, I would say that we’re seeing that increase in tthey year-to-date spend and it’ll continue to tick upwards as we theyad towards tthey middle of next year. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude your program and you may now disconnect. everyone, have a great day.