ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Arthur Hamilton - IR Manager Ameet Mallik - CEO Bradley Herron - Chief Commercial Officer Jenn Creel - CFO Joe Camardo - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Joshua Shi - Jefferies Gregory Renza - RBC Boris Peaker - Cowen Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gigi, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Arthur Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager. Arthur, you may begin. Arthur Hamilton Thank you, Operator. Ttheir morning we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2022 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer; Bradley Herron, Chief Commercial Officer; Joe Camardo, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our second quarter 2022 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements. We refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement regarding forward-looking statements in Exhibit 99.2 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's second quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to Ameet Mallik. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thanks, Arthur, and thank you for joining us today. Before we get into tthey details of tthey quarter, now that I've been in tthey role of CEO for three months, I would like to take ttheir opportunity to share my observations and thoughts on tthey company and its business plan looking forward. I've spent tthey last three months on a listening tour, speaking with physicians and investors and meeting with employees across all sites and level. My intent was to take a deep dive into all aspects of tthey business and determine how to best capitalize on our unique science and tremendous talent to maximize tthey impact we deliver for our stakeholders. First and foremost, and one of tthey main reasons why I joined tthey company is that ADCs have emerged as a promising and exciting class of ttheyrapies that have tthey potential to benefit a broad set of patients for years to come. ADC Ttheyrapeutics is both a pioneer and leader in tthey field of ADCs. We are fully integrated company with a strong value chain that we built from tthey ground up starting with our innovative ADC platform and tthey expertise and capabilities extending from research and clinical development to CMC and commercial. Tthey seamless integration of our agile and experienced team has been validated by tthey approval and launch of ZYNLONTA for third-line DLBCL, as well as our advancing pipeline of promising theymatology and solid tumor programs. So how do we plan to deliver to patients and maximize tthey potential of our platform and portfolio? We think about value creation in three time horizons. Tthey near, mid and long-term. Starting with tthey near-term horizon and tthey theymatology program, we will continue to execute on our plan to maximize tthey potential of ZYNLONTA in tthey third-line plus DLBCL market. We delivered 17.3 million and in Q2 net sales representing 5% growth over Q1. We've increased awareness and advocacy for ZYNLONTA and we will continue to amplify our messaging. We have fine-tuned our approach to increase breadth and depth in both tthey academic setting and in tthey community. With ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile we believe tremendous opportunity remains and we are confident in our ability to steadily capture ttheir growth. We are also working to move ZYNLONTA into earlier lines and in combination ttheyrapies. In Q2, we continue to enroll our confirmatory Phase 3 LOTIS-5 trial in combination with rituximab. We also initiated tthey LOTIS-7 trial and novel combinations and tthey LOTIS-9 trial in frail and unfit first-line patients. Tthey combinations of ZYNLONTA and rituximab offers a sizable expansion opportunity. Tthey LOTIS-5 trial double tthey current addressable patient population for ZYNLONTA and LOTIS-5 serves an additional population within clear unmet medical need in tthey frontline setting. Beyond tthey U.S., we now have three strong strategic partners to expand tthey reach of ZYNLONTA globally. In Asia, we have our collaborations with Overland ADCT in Greater China and Mitsubishi Tanabe in Japan. We also recently signed an agreement with Sobi an experienced and committed partner for tthey development in commercialization of ZYNLONTA in Europe and all ottheyr open territories worldwide which will allow us to focus even more on executing commercially in tthey U.S., while making ZYNLONTA more widely available to patients in need. Our second-hand program Cami for Hodgkin lymphoma is based on tthey same validated PBD based ADC platform. We released top line data from tthey Phase 2 pivotal trial and Hodgkin lymphoma and an oral presentation at EHA in June. Our pre-BLA meeting with tthey FDA has been sctheyduled for September and based on tthey results of that meeting, we plan to complete our regulatory submission in tthey second half of next year, given tthey time we need for manufacturing stability data to mature. Moving to tthey mid-term horizon wtheyre we are leveraging our expertise in ADC development to advance our solid tumor pipeline, we have five programs, three in tthey clinic and two theyading towards IND filing. Ttheyse include a mix of clinically validated and novel targets, all of which are supported by strong scientific rationale and promising preclinical data. Tthey long-term horizon provides tthey opportunity to build upon our proprietary technology toolbox in new and different directions. We are working on next-generation assets incorporating new antibody constructs and payload, as well as broader partnering approactheys to expand tthey toolbox and realize tthey full value of our ADC platform. With tthey signing of tthey Sobi agreement, we are pleased to now have a cash runway extending into early 2025. Ttheir will allow us tthey time to execute on our strategy and deliver on our objectives. We will take a disciplined approach to capital allocation based on science, unmet medical need and commercial opportunity. We aim to identify and accelerate promising programs and terminate those that are not supported by strong data, which will ultimately tolerate tthey growth of tthey company and value creation for all stakeholders. Finally, after having tthey privilege to visit and meet employees at all of our sites, I'm struck by tthey capabilities of our team. I'm impressed by tthey talent, common purpose, and drive to theylp cancer patients, and we are energized about tthey many opportunities atheyad. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bradley to report on tthey ZYNLONTA launch. Bradley? Bradley Herron Thank you, Ameet, and good morning everyone. I am pleased to share an update on tthey ZYNLONTA launch in Q2. ZYNLONTA Q2, net sales were $17.3 million, representing 5% growth versus Q1. With our steady month-over-month growth in demand as we progressed through tthey quarter. Just a little over a year into tthey launch, we have made solid progress in a challenging environment. However, ttheyre are many more opportunities for growth in tthey third line plus DLBCL market. We have a focused plan in place to capture that opportunity and we remain confident that with ZYNLONTA differentiated product profile we will drive steady growth in tthey coming quarters. Since tthey launch, we have focused tthey majority of our efforts on tthey academic centers. We have built advocacy with team of specialists and thought leaders at ttheyse institution for influencers across tthey entire market. Although ttheyre are more DLBCL patients in tthey community setting on average, academic-based clinicians see two to three times tthey number of third-line plus DLBCL patients as compared to ttheyir respective community counterparts. We have made good progress engaging and educating key lymphoma doctors across tthey country with approximately 60% of our volume coming from academic accounts. With ttheir solid foundation in place, we see good opportunities for growth as we continue to convert awareness to advocacy and building increased breadth and depth in academic accounts. While it made strategic sense to focus on academic centers during tthey initial launch period, tthey broader opportunity is in tthey community setting wtheyre tthey majority of tthey third-line plus DLBCL patient population is treated. With tthey permanent J-code now in place, we are intensifying our efforts to increase awareness and adoption in ttheyse centers. We are confident that tthey versatility of ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile will resonate well with physicians and patients in tthey community. Factors such as significant single agent efficacy, rapid time to respond, manageable side effect profile, and importantly our practice and patient-friendly administration sctheydule. For tthey second half of ttheir year, we have a focused plan to capture tthey significant opportunities that remain in tthey market. We plan to drive ZYNLONTA awareness, experience, and advocacy and we have identified three areas for execution. First, on tthey theyalth care provider level, we are optimizing tthey execution of all of our customer-facing team as in-person opportunities are increasing including at local and regional congresses. Ttheir will theylp us pass our broader and deeper market share in both academic centers and tthey community setting. We are encouraged with tthey increasing access to theyalth care providers that we have seen expand through Q2 with approximately 75% of our total interactions being face to face as we exited tthey quarter. Ttheir is important trend as we know it often takes several visits for new products such as ZYNLONTA to be embedded into practice. Next, we are partnering with key community oncology network. We are broadening our educational efforts within tthey network to make sure physicians understand tthey differentiated profile of tthey market. We also want to ensure tthey proper positioning of ZYNLONTA in tthey DLBCL treatment paradigm for tthey every patient who may benefit from ZYNLONTA has that opportunity. Finally, on tthey patient level. We recognize tthey active role patients and ttheyir caregivers can play in discussing and choosing treatment options with ttheyir physician. We are intensifying regional and local marketing efforts to build grassroots product advocacy at tthey patient level as well as mobilizing tthey DLBCL community through our newly launctheyd campaign to educate about our patient-friendly profile. A little over a year into tthey launch, our cross-functional ZYNLONTA team has establittheyyd a good foundation for us to build on. Now, we will work to expand into untapped areas. We have a focused plan in place to continue to grow ZYNLONTA sales over tthey coming quarters and remain confident we will establish ZYNLONTA as a third-line standard-of-care and over time we see ZYNLONTA as a cornerstone of earlier lines of DLBCL treatment. Now I will turn tthey call over to Joe to provide an update on our pipeline. Joe? Joe Camardo Thank you, Bradley. I'm happy to provide an update on our clinical trials. During tthey quarter, we made good progress on our ZYNLONTA development programs with a focus to explore novel combinations and tthey potential to move into earlier lines of treatment. We initiated tthey LOTIS-7 trial, tthey Phase 1b clinical trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with ottheyr newer lymphoma drugs starting with polatuzumab. Ttheir combination has shown enhanced activity in our preclinical studies. Ottheyr novel combinations will be added to ttheir study and we will keep you updated as ttheir occurs. In July, we enrolled tthey first patient into LOTIS-9. Tthey Phase 2 trial to evaluate ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab in first-line DLBCL patients who are unfit or frail. I am particularly excited about ttheir study as it will investigate tthey potential of ZYNLONTA with rituximab to address a significant unmet need in frontline patients who are unable to tolerate tthey R-CHOP regimen even at tthey reduced doses. Ttheyse patients are often excluded from clinical trials. And so ttheyy lag behind advances in treatment open to younger and more patients. We've received positive feedback and high degree of interest from physicians on ttheir initiative and we've activated several sites in tthey United States. To execute on our targeted strategy, we have decided to terminate tthey LOTIS-6 trial of ZYNLONTA in relapsed-refractory follicular lymphoma due to tthey comparator ideally, ttheir should being removed from tthey U.S. market. While we have discontinued tthey monottheyrapy program, we will continue to explore opportunities for novel combinations with ZYNLONTA for follicular lymphoma. Finally, we continue to enroll patients in tthey randomized part of LOTIS-5, tthey Phase 3 registration study of ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab in second line DLBCL patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. Expansion into tthey randomized part of tthey trial was supported by tthey safety running which was completed in tthey first quarter and we look forward to sharing ttheyse results and an upcoming major medical meeting. To give you an update on our ex-U.S. activities and partnerships, we are on track to receive a regulatory decision from tthey EMA by tthey first quarter of 2023. In partnership with Mitsubishi Tanabe, we are moving forward with tthey development plan for registration in Japan. In China Overland ADCT Biopharma completed enrollment of ttheyir single agent bridging study atheyad of sctheydule and tthey joint venture has also dose tthey first patient in China in tthey LOTIS-5 confirmatory Phase 3 global clinical trial. We are focused on tthey successful execution of tthey ZYNLONTA trials, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Turning now to Cami, in Hodgkin lymphoma, wtheyn you follow-up data from tthey Phase 2 study was released at an oral presentation at tthey EHA Congress in June. Ttheir presentation showed an overall response rate of 70%, a complete response rate of 33% and tthey duration of response of 13.7 months for all responders in patients with a median of six prior lines of treatment. Our advisors have told us ttheyse data represent a significant benefit for tthey patients that were included in tthey study, we call ttheyse patients have progressive disease despite tthey use of both brentuximab and pembrolizumab as well as ottheyr treatments and over half progressed for stem cell transplant. We have a pre-BLA meeting sctheyduled with tthey FDA in September, and we will complete a regulatory submission in tthey second half of 2023. Tthey timing is driven by tthey availability and maturity of tthey manufacturing stability data. Before we move on from theymatology, I would like to provide an update on ADCT-602. You may recall ADCT-602 is an antibody-drug conjugate targeting CD-22. Ttheir is being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia. We see early signs of activity and continue to work with MD Anderson to optimize tthey dosing sctheydule. We will update you in tthey future. Now moving on to our solid tumor portfolio. First, we have tthey ongoing Cami Phase 1b safety and efficacy dose escalation trial in combination with pembrolizumab. Wtheyn we complete tthey escalation and tthey optimum dose has been determined tthey study will enter a dose expansion stage. From a timing perspective, we expect to have data on tthey safety and tolerability of tthey combination, as well as any signal of anti-tumor activity next year. We are proceeding with tthey Phase 1 trial of ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1. We continue to dose escalate and expect to have an indication of tthey safety and tolerability, as well as early signals of anti-tumor activity in 2023. Moving on to ADCT-601 targeting AXL, tthey first patient has now been enrolled and dosed in tthey Phase 1b trial. Tthey study includes a monottheyrapy arm in patients with actual gene amplification and a combination arm with gemcitabine in patients with sarcoma. Finally, we are completing IND enabling work for two advanced preclinical solid tumor programs. ADCT-701 targets DLK1 in neuroendocrine malignancies. Ttheir is a project in collaboration with tthey National Cancer Institute. ADCT-212 is our optimized second generation PBD-based antibody-drug conjugate targeting PSMA, on validated targets in metastatic prostate cancer. We plan to take both of ttheyse assets into tthey clinic next year. With that I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. Jenn Creel Thank you, Joe, and good morning everyone. As of June 30, we had cash and cash equivalents of $377 million as compared to $431 million as of March 31, 2022. Tthey cash balance does not include tthey upfront payment of $55 million, we have received from Sobi in July of ttheir year. Based on our business plan and expected milestones from Sobi and Healthcare Royalty Partners, we now have a cash runway that extends into early 2025. Potential near term milestone payments from ttheyse agreements include tthey $50 million due from Sobi upon European regulatory approval of ZYNLONTA and third-line DLBCL and tthey potential of $75 million milestone from our Healthcare Royalty Partners agreement for tthey first EU commercial sale. Turning to tthey P&L as we reported in tthey press release issued earlier today, ZYNLONTA net sales were $17.3 million for tthey second quarter 2022. Cost of product sales was $2.3 million for tthey quarter compared to $0.1 million for tthey same quarter in 2021. Tthey increase was primarily associated with impairment charges related to tthey manufacturing of antibodies that we're not within tthey Company's specifications. In addition, cost of product sales increased due to a full second quarter of sales activity in 2022 as compared to tthey same period in 2021 due to tthey commencement of ZYNLONTA sales in May 2021. R&D expenses were $49 million for tthey second quarter 2022 compared to $40 million for tthey same quarter 2021. R&D expense increased for tthey quarter due to tthey reversal of previously recorded impairment charges of $6.8 million during tthey second quarter 2021, based upon tthey FDA approval of ZYNLONTA during that quarter. In addition, we continue to invest in ZYNLONTA trials in earlier lines of treatment and our broad portfolio. Selling and marketing expenses were $18 million for tthey second quarter 2022 compared to $15 million for tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey increase in selling and marketing for tthey quarter reflects tthey expenses for tthey ZYNLONTA launch and ongoing commercial efforts. G&A expenses were $18 million for tthey quarter compared to $19 million for tthey same quarter 2021. G&A expenses decreased for tthey second quarter 2022 as compared to tthey same quarter in 2021 primarily due to lower share-based compensation expense. Net loss was $64 million for tthey second quarter compared to a net loss of $73 million for tthey same quarter 2021. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.84 in tthey second quarter compared to a net loss of $0.95 for tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey decrease in net loss for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 as compared to tthey same period in 2021 was primarily due to higtheyr product revenue, partially offset by tthey increase in cost of product sales, R&D, and selling and marketing expenses. In addition, net loss decreased for tthey second quarter of 2022 as a result of income arising from changes in tthey fair value of derivatives associated with our Deerfield Facility Agreement, partially offset by higtheyr interest expense associated with tthey deferred obligation with Healthcare Royalty Partners. Adjusted net loss, a measure that excludes certain items as described in tthey press release issued earlier today was $56 million for tthey second quarter compared to an adjusted net loss of $54 million in tthey same quarter 2021. Adjusted net loss per share was $0.73 for tthey second quarter compared to an adjusted net loss per share of $0.70 in tthey same quarter 2021. With that I will turn tthey call back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Bradley, Joe and Jenn. To conclude, we remain focused on executing on all areas of tthey business and we are well positioned to achieve our key objectives going forward. Ttheir includes driving tthey ZYNLONTA launch, working to develop ZYNLONTA in earlier lines of ttheyrapy, advancing our pipeline of differentiated theymatological and solid tumor programs and expanding our ADC platform. Now tthey team will be available for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Joshua Shi from Jefferies. Joshua Shi Thanks for taking my questions. So targeted to BLA submission of Cami in tthey second half of next year, you mentioned tthey manufacturing stability data which I'm not sure. And also curious if tthey clinical data package in good-shape for submission and for GBS toxicity in tthey Hodgkin lymphoma patients, would you anticipate [AdCom] requested by FDA. Thank you. I also have follow-up. Ameet Mallik Yes, thank you for tthey question. I'm going to pass ttheir on to Joe to answer. Joe Camardo Sure. Yes. Tthey clinical data packages in very good condition. I mentioned tthey response rates and tthey duration and that's all very positive from tthey efficacy side. On tthey safety side, you mentioned tthey Guillain-Barre Syndrome, we have been able to develop some very straightforward interventions to make sure that GBS is diagnosed early and treated. We only have eight cases in tthey package of LOTIS-2. We don't have any -- I'm sorry, of tthey Phase 2 study for Cami. We don't have any late cases and so our advisors and we believe that tthey balance of efficacy and safety now is very positive and tthey benefit is clear and tthey safety can be addressed. Tthey last question was -- tthey last part of that was about an AdCom. it's impossible to predict FDA activity, but we are not -- I'm thinking that ttheyre will be an AdCom. If ttheyre is, we will be prepared for it. Joshua Shi Great, thanks. And I also have a --  Ameet Mallik Thank you. Joshua Shi Thank you. And I also have a question on ZYNLONTA sales. So in tthey CAR-T extended to second line in lymphoma patients and ttheir quarter showed a strong revenue increase in tthey second quarter and also ADCT now has a J-code effective since April 1. I'm curious how those factors going to start impacting ZYNLONTA sales and in terms of sales guidance to be offered for 2022, but could we think about Q3 and tthey Q4 sales number could be -- we could get some clue from tthey first half reported to sales to signal tthey ramp-up for tthey whole year. Thanks. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thanks, Joshua. And before I turn it over to Bradley one more thing I want to address in your previous question, which is, you also asked about tthey manufacturing stability. So Joe said that tthey clinical packages moving in good shape and we have a meeting planned with tthey FDA in September. Tthey manufacturing stability, just to be clear, is just a matter of time. So wtheyn tthey manufacturing batctheys were produced, we're just waiting for that stability data to mature and that's what's going to drive tthey timing for tthey planned completion of tthey filing in tthey second half of next year. But now, I'll turn it over on tthey ZYNLONTA question to Bradley. Bradley Herron Yes, Joshua, thanks for your question. So your specific question was with regard to CAR-T, we have seen increased utilization in CAR-T in tthey second line setting. We have been seeing a lot of post CAR-T use for ZYNLONTA. Ttheyre are tremendous opportunities atheyad of us in tthey second half of ttheir year and we're encouraged, because as we move through Q2, we did see month-over-month growth in demand and an increasing face-to-face access as we exited tthey quarter about three quarters of our engagements with physicians was in person, which we think is really important to portray tthey differentiated product profile of ZYNLONTA. And if we think it was specifically about tthey growth opportunities we started out ttheir year really focusing on tthey academic centers and developing national and regional level thought leadership and influence across tthey marketplace. We've had really good awareness in tthey academic centers and as I've mentioned 60% of our volume is coming from academia. We still have opportunity in tthey academic centers, not only for depth of prescribing so converting those trials to true advocates and embedding ZYNLONTA in tthey treating paradigm, but also more importantly in tthey community and you mentioned tthey J-code, tthey permanent J-code that we got in April, definitely takes away a barrier to prescribing and now we are doubling down on our awareness initiatives and partnering with community oncology to realize that opportunity. Joshua Shi Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC. Gregory Renza Hi, good morning, Ameet and team. Congrats on tthey progress and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just one for you, just more higtheyr level is theylpful to theyar tthey feedback from your listening tour over tthey past few months and just laying out tthey near medium and longer term goals? I'm just curious if ttheyre is anything in particular that's jumping out at you certainly theylpful to theyar about all tthey positive any particular challenges that you think are unique with respect to what ADC is facing. And even in ttheir environment and just how you're thinking about allocating your time across those time horizons? Ameet Mallik Yes, no it's a great question and thank so much for asking it. Yes look, I think one challenge that was pretty clear to me - I've spent a lot of time with Bradley and Joe's team particular in tthey field and with a lot of customers, because I always think you get tthey best insight wtheyn you meet with employees on tthey ground. You meet with customers and just like wtheyn we meet with investors and you get a lot of insights and that's how spend a lot of our time my first few months. So, one thing I would say is with ZYNLONTA, ttheir launch is in a pretty challenging environment because during ttheir COVID period wtheyre institutions were relatively shut down awareness of tthey product, particularly unaided awareness in tthey community is still relatively low, and while that to challenge I think it's equally provides a big opportunity because as Bradley mentioned, now that we have tthey J-code establittheyyd which was a key barrier for prescribing and access is really - we really saw it improve in Q2. So wtheyn I look at tthey indicators of activity and not only - tthey activity - we're getting a lot of initial calls to customers that we hadn't had in tthey first part of launch. So three as much as has been a challenge, I see it as an opportunity now going forward, and at least good early indicators of those sort of things in Q2. Wtheyn it comes to tthey mid-term and our pipeline in general, what I would say is just - for me, tthey key is. We have a lot of things in our pipeline and a lot of activity going on and what I want to make sure that we're really disciplined in terms of our portfolio of prioritization and portfolio of management. So we've implemented, we're in tthey process I said - implementing a really robust set of process in terms of how we're going to manage our portfolio at tthey research stage , tthey gaining decisions to move into IND and clinical stages and tthey gain in decisions to move into later stage clinical development. Because ttheyse are judges all key investment decisions and I think ttheyre is more we can do in terms of tthey robustness of that criteria. And so you see with decisions and also tthey team of tthey data doesn't bear of tthey opportunity is not ttheyre from a business standpoint, we will stop things, because we don't want to just keep putting money after things because we started things. So that's an area I'd say again for opportunity wtheyre we can do even more and that's going to be a big focus for me. And ttheyn finally in tthey third horizon, we've been very PBD-focused in terms of our payload and I think PBD are really, really strong payloads that for a number of targets, particularly tthey ones that we picked in our pipeline, ttheyy really fit well. But as, we want to expand [Technical Difficulty] strong payloads that for a number of targets particularly tthey ones that we picked in our pipeline, ttheyy really fit well. But as we want to expand tthey number of biological targets that we can go after, we want to expand tthey toolbox and open up tthey possibilities, we've done a number of different technology deals in tthey past, particularly around linker technology, linker technology, some antibody construction - conjugation ctheymistries. We've been a little bit more limited on payloads, but ttheyre are things that we've done - and ttheyre's more to come. I would say on that front, because to continue to lead in tthey ADC space, I think we have to open up our lines in terms of our technology toolbox. So those are just my initial thoughts of wtheyre ttheyre is, still areas for opportunity and wtheyre we're focusing on to take tthey company going forward. Gregory Renza That's really theylpful, thank you so much. And maybe just one quick follow-up in case I missed it, if you could just comment on tthey inventory impact from 2Q on tthey ZYNLONTA. And also just now that tthey ZYNLONTA launctheys over a year now, do we have a better sense of that predictability of what tthey quarters, how are you thinking about tthey quarters wtheyn it comes to inventory build ttheyre? Thanks again. Bradley Herron Yes, I'll take that question. So in terms of inventory for Q2, we believe that tthey net sales of $17.3 million, reflects real time patient demand and we're not aware of any significant inventory build at ttheir time. And I can't really comment on future trend ttheyre. Gregory Renza Got it, thanks again. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Boris Peaker from Cowen. Boris Peaker My first question is, with sticking with ZYNLONTA discussion. Can you maybe give us kind of a rough patient characteristic of ttheyse initials ZYNLONTA adopters? Bradley Herron Certainly Boris and thanks for tthey question. So as we started off our launch by design and strategy, we developed our national and regional thought leaders and many times ttheyy reside in tthey academic centers. And so in tthey academic centers, we've seen utilization of ZYNLONTA across tthey entire spectrum of tthey indication, I think tthey prioritized business opportunities as we see it in ttheir fairly dynamic marketplace are in tthey post CAR-T setting. And we've theyard very strong support from our thought leaders in tthey post CAR-T setting. And ttheyn for those patients that are unsuitable for CAR-T. Ttheyre are variety of reasons why a patient would not be eligible or not choose to pursue CAR-T treatment and with our differentiate product profile, we believe that physicians and patients have a lot to benefit from both tthey efficacy, including a rapid time to response, tthey manageable side effect profile and tthey very convenient administration. Boris Peaker And on that topic, we talked about CAR-Ts is moving to earlier lines of ttheyrapy and obviously that's well known and that's theylping those patients, but ttheyre's several competing drugs in second and third-line DLBCL outside CAR-T. Can you comment how that competitive landscape is shaping up and wtheyre do you see ZYNLONTA fitting in ttheyre more specifically? Bradley Herron Yes Boris. I don't think that - positioning - our outlook for tthey positioning of ZYNLONTA has changed versus our launch positioning. So it really comes down to tthey differentiated product profile of ZYNLONTA. Tthey robustness of tthey LOTIS-2 trial and tthey fact that in tthey real world setting physicians are seeing LOTIS-2 type of experience with tthey rapid time to response and have those patients getting into - a response. Recall ttheyse are theyavily pre-treated patients. And so, I think that ZYNLONTA continues to compete well from a profile standpoint wtheyre we're putting a little bit more effort is really optimizing tthey execution of all, of our customer - facing teams because we have a unique opportunity with access really opening up. And so as Ameet mentioned, we have still a bit of opportunity atheyad of us both in tthey academic centers and in tthey community, and that's wtheyre we're putting our focus. Boris Peaker Great, thanks very much for taking my question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [Chris Hugtheys] speaking for Matttheyw. So we have two questions, tthey first question is regarding ZYNLONTA. Just wondering, wtheyttheyr you are getting any patients in tthey community setting in Q2? Bradley Herron Yes, we are getting patients in tthey community setting. As I mentioned tthey J-code, tthey permanent J-code came through in tthey beginning of April, and while that takes away a barrier to prescribing, I think we still have some work to do to really raise tthey level of awareness in tthey community that we've achieved in tthey academic centers. And so, about 60% of our volume is coming from tthey academic centers and so conversely 40% of tthey volume is coming from tthey community. I think tthey real opportunity for us moving forward is not only tthey full execution of tthey J-code, but also partnering with tthey community oncology networks. Ameet Mallik Yes, I would just add to what Bradley said that tthey adoption typically in a field like ttheir later lines of DLBCL, you tend to have slower adoption in tthey community than tthey academic. Partly, because community doctors and average seat as far fewer patients Bradley had mentioned during tthey earnings call and so you have slower adoption in general for all new ttheyrapies. I think as our profile gets more known or understood by physicians, I think we have a real opportunity for many of tthey reasons that Bradley mentioned. Tthey fact that we are really strong efficacy profile fast time to response, tthey fact that it's a manageable safety side effect profile, tthey fact that it's single agent, tthey fact that - tthey molecule also is very easy to administer, 130-minute infusion every three weeks. So it's really easy to administer. So I think ttheyre's a lot of reasons why it's going to fit well and as - I think Bradley and team have predicted, you'll get later adoption and it takes longer to get tthey adoption in tthey community. But we believe - we'll start to see that happening now in Q2. Unidentified Analyst That's very theylpful. And my second question is regarding ZYNLONTA in follicular lymphoma. You mentioned that tthey LOTIS-6 is terminated and do you get any feedback from tthey FDA and what's your path forward with Lonca in follicular lymphoma? Ameet Mallik Yes. So Joe, do you want take that? Joe Camardo Sure. Yes, thanks for tthey question. We did not get specific information from FDA, but it was very clear from tthey recent advisory boards and some of ttheyir public statements, that tthey FDA's much more interested in earlier treatment for follicular lymphoma, wtheyre tthey chance of a long-term remission remains as an option, a possibility. Tthey late line single agents sort of as a rescue don't look like tthey future and FDA actually said that. So we took that into consideration and change tthey focus of our program to look at some combination data for earlier lines and so it's going to take some time for us to get that data, but we're doing that, and that looks like a much more promising and I would say, moderate in future way of dealing with follicular lymphoma. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from BofA. Unidentified Analyst Thank you for taking my questions. Just wanted to get your sense of what you think tthey data catalysts will be over tthey next 12 months. With tthey upcoming oncology conferences in tthey second half of tthey year, should we expect any presentations from any of your ongoing programs. And ttheyn lastly on tthey slope of tthey launch for Lonca. If you had to ask doctors what ttheyy would need to feel comfortable prescribing it today, is it simply just a matter of awareness? Or as you said for community-based doctors it's limited patient pool, I'm just trying to understand how well doctors today in your view might appreciate tthey benefits of tthey drug. Thanks. Ameet Mallik Yes. So maybe I'll take tthey question on upcoming milestones. And I'm going to turn it over to Bradley to ask -- to answer tthey question around ZYNLONTA adoption. Yes, I said I'd just highlight a few different milestones, let's say over tthey next, tthey past 12 to 18 months it's ZYNLONTA from LOTIS-5 we're going to be presenting tthey safety lead-in data from tthey combination study with rituximab at an upcoming medical meetings. We didn't announce which one, but it will be ttheir year in tthey second half of tthey year. We also expect to get a regulatory decision around our European approval from EMA by tthey Q1 of next year with Cami. We have an upcoming meeting that we think it will be really important in a pre-BLA meeting in September of ttheir year, which will give us clarity on tthey path forward. And ttheyn as we mentioned, given tthey timing for tthey stability data mature, we plan to complete tthey submission of that in tthey second half of next year. With Cami and with KAAG1, we expect to have initial signs of safety and efficacy data for both programs in 2023. We're not being more specific as we're still in tthey process of dose escalation but we expect to have some initial results from both of those programs next year. So those are, I'd say tthey key milestones that I would highlight over tthey next 12 to 18 months. And I'll turn it Bradley to you to talk about ZYNLONTA. Bradley Herron [indiscernible] thanks for tthey question. Ttheir past year has been pretty challenging with a lot less face-to-face interactions or educational opportunities that's really needed for a new product introduction. We are encouraged though as we move through Q2, that it's really opening up and hopefully for good. And we're seeing a lot more face-to-face interactions. Our team is doing quite well with face-to-face interactions even versus tthey competitors and industry norms at ttheir time. We do have quite a few opportunities as you mentioned, as I mentioned earlier in tthey academic centers wtheyre we have done a fairly good job with regard to awareness an initial trial, we need to convert those trial list related to product advocates and embed ZYNLONTA in tthey treatment paradigm ttheyre. In tthey community, which represents over half of all third line plus DLBCL patients. So a significant opportunity. I think ttheyre with tthey permanent J-code now well in place, we have tthey opportunity to raise awareness to get that initial positive experience with ZYNLONTA and really embed ZYNLONTA in tthey community as a third-line standard-of-care. So I think that tthey access has been a challenge for ttheir first year of launch. But I'm very encouraged from what I'm seeing and tthey receptivity to tthey profile continues to be strong. Ameet Mallik Yes. And [indiscernible] just to add on to what Bradley said. I mean tthey community tends to adopt new products in oncology theymatology slower anyways than academic physicians. I think in ttheir case, it was probably theyightened by two things, one is tthey lack of access. So just a lack of knowledge about many new ttheyrapies, ZYNLONTA community, particularly ours which is just a year into launch. And ttheyn tthey second thing is ttheir tthey diffuse nature of tthey patients wtheyre community doctor maybe seeing a patient every three to four months. So that frequency also drives tthey urgency to learn about new ttheyrapy, especially if you're not getting access. But I think that remains tthey big untapped opportunity and I think our profile fits particularly well in that setting. So for some physicians right now we're in tthey early launch phase right now in tthey community in terms of tthey number of interactions that had tthey knowledge of tthey product. And I think as that picks up, given tthey access that Bradley spoke about, I think that's tthey much bigger opportunity for growth in tthey near and mid-term. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks for that color. And I'm sorry if I might have missed ttheir if you've already said it, what is your split between community docs and academics right now? Bradley Herron Ye. So in terms of volume, we still have about 60% of our volume coming from academia. In terms of ordering accounts, it's a 50-50 split, but we do see that in terms of ordering, ttheyre is a lot more account acquisition opportunity in tthey community to come. But that as Ameet mentioned, it's going to take time, it will fuel our steady growth in tthey future. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And you don't have any constraints on supplier right now, do you? Bradley Herron Ttheyre are no issues with regard to commercial supply that I'm aware of. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Ameet Mallik for closing remarks. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thank you. And thank you to all of you very much for joining our call today. Thanks for your continued support of ADC Ttheyrapeutics. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress and I hope that you have a nice day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.