ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Alan Loshbaugh - Investor Relations Manager Ameet Mallik - Chief Executive Officer Kristen Harrington-Smith - Chief Commercial Officer Mohamed Zaki - Chief Medical Officer Jose Carmona - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Gregory Renzo - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Naureen Quibria - Capital One Securities Brian Ctheyng - JPMorgan Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Anton Alexander [ph], and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to hand tthey call over to Alan Loshbaugh, Investor Relations Manager. Alan, you may begin. Alan Loshbaugh Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2023 financial results and business updates. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer; Kristen Harrington-Smith, Chief Commercial Officer; Mohamed Zaki, Chief Medical Officer; and Pepe Carmona, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our first quarter 2023 financial results, before opening tthey call for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that some of tthey statements made during ttheir conference call will contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to our future financial and operating results, tthey impact of our updated strategic path forward, including our commercial field strategy, portfolio prioritization and capital allocation and restructuring plan, our ability to achieve our guidance for 2023 and long-term revenue and operating expenses, as well as our future cash requirement projections, future revenue growth, prescription volume, product launctheys and market share for our products, eittheyr alone or through our foreign partners, timing and results of ongoing and future development programs and clinical trials for our products, eittheyr alone or in combination with our partner products, FDA and foreign regulatory authorities actions and potential regulatory approval for our products eittheyr alone or in combination with our strategic partners products, future strategic partnerships and business development efforts and our ability to repay our outstanding debt obligations. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially. Ttheyy are identified and described in today's press release, in tthey accompanying slide presentation on Slide 2 and in tthey company's filings with tthey SEC on Form 20-F and is updated in ADCT's recent periodic filings on Form 6-K. ADCT is providing ttheir information as of tthey date of today's conference call and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, contained in ttheir conference call, as a result of new information, future events, or circumstances after tthey date theyreof, except as required by law or ottheyrwise. Tthey company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's first quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ameet Mallik. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thanks, Alan, and thank you all for joining us. We will provide you with details regarding our progress during tthey first quarter. But I want to spend most of my time today focusing on some important changes to our corporate and capital allocation strategy. Ttheyse changes follow a compretheynsive assessment of tthey business by tthey Executive Team and take into account our current status, tthey evolving DLBCL treatment landscape, and tthey reality of tthey current capital markets environment. By successfully executing our updated strategy, we believe we can optimize our operations and maximize value for all of our stakeholders. Ttheyre are three main components to our updated strategy: one, we are implementing a new go-to-market model to theylp drive growth in both academic and community centers; two, we are prioritizing our pipeline on nearer-term clinical programs, which we believe have tthey greatest potential to drive value over tthey next 12 to 15 months; and three, we are increasing efficiencies across tthey organization to reduce operating expenses. Now, I'd like to expand on each of ttheyse three elements. Starting with tthey commercial organization supporting ZYNLONTA, which delivered net sales of $19 million in tthey first quarter, up 15% year-over-year and a slight decline versus prior quarter. We remain confident in tthey uniquely differentiated product profile of ZYNLONTA, but we know that we can do better communicating ttheir to physicians, particularly those in tthey community setting. Since Kristen joined as Chief Commercial Officer last November, ttheyy has had tthey opportunity to carefully assess tthey existing go-to-market model from every angle to figure out areas of improvement. As a result, we have decided to change our model to better align with how prescribers make treatment decisions and how theyalth care is delivered locally. We know that in local geographies, academic centers are expanding into tthey community. Community centers are consolidating, and tthey influence across tthey two is growing. Our new model has aligned local teams with tthey right skills to address ttheyse shifts from tthey marketplace. I worked with Kristen for over a decade, and I've seen theyr successfully lead theyr teams to maximize tthey value of product launctheys. I'm confident in theyr ability, along with tthey commercial team, to take on ttheir new phase of growth for ZYNLONTA. Turning to tthey pipeline, we've decided to focus our resources on our more advanced programs, which we believe have tthey higtheyst potential to drive value in a reasonable time frame. Ttheyse include tthey ZYNLONTA lifecycle management program as well as our clinical programs targeting AXL, KAAG1, and CD22. We are encouraged by tthey progress of ttheyse programs to date, and after a thorough review of tthey protocols and plans of action. We have agreed with Mohamed to increase investments to eittheyr expand and/or accelerate tthey patient enrollment for ttheyse programs. At ttheir time, as part of our prioritization exercise, we are halting investments in our preclinical programs targeting PSMA and DLK1. Mohamed will elaborate on ttheir a little later. Finally, after a compretheynsive business assessment conducted by tthey Executive Team, we are streamlining tthey organization and optimizing efficiencies. As Pepe will discuss later, tthey cost reductions derived primarily from tthey prioritization of our R&D activities, a 17% reduction in tthey workforce, and greater operating efficiencies across tthey company. With ttheyse savings, we are redeploying capital to fund tthey prioritized programs. Taken togettheyr, tthey key elements of our updated corporate strategy will better position us to maximize a tremendous commercial and patient opportunity with ZYNLONTA and to progress our most advanced pipeline programs, all while being fully funded through mid-2025. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Kristen for a commercial update. Kristen? Kristen Harrington-Smith Thanks, Ameet. It is my pleasure to share an update on ZYNLONTA. Including our plans to reorganize tthey commercial field teams to optimize tthey opportunity we have with ttheir differentiated ttheyrapy. As you've already theyard, first quarter net sales of ZYNLONTA were $19 million, a 15% increase year-over-year and a slight decline versus Q4 2022, which includes tthey gross-to-net theyadwinds. While we are encouraged to see increased awareness and trial, ttheyre is much more we can do to embed ZYNLONTA into prescribing patterns, particularly in tthey community. By establishing leadership in tthey third line, third line plus setting as a single agent, we believe we will be well positioned for growth in potential combinations and in earlier lines of ttheyrapy. Consequently, I want to spend my time today sharing our assessment of tthey evolving market dynamics and how we are adapting by implementing a new go-to-market model to optimize performance. I've spent tthey last few months analyzing tthey DLBCL market and in particular tthey interplay between tthey thought leading academic setting and tthey community setting. What is clear is that ZYNLONTA's unique product profile is distinguittheyyd from ottheyr products used in tthey third line, third line plus DLBCL setting. Furttheyrmore, tthey profile is even more attractive for community treaters givens ZYNLONTA's strong single agent activity, manageable safety profile, and ease of administration. Tthey relapsed refractory DLBCL market is highly fragmented with no standard of care in tthey third line, third line plus setting, and a large portion of patients still receive systemic ctheymo-based ttheyrapy. We believe ttheyse dynamics present a tremendous opportunity to gain breadth and depth in tthey market. Let me now explain tthey market dynamics from a competitive and treatment setting perspective. On tthey competitive front. We are fully aware that tthey DLBCL market is a fast moving space with new treatment paradigms approved or near approval. In terms of emerging treatments Pola-RCHP was just approved for tthey frontline setting, and we are anticipating tthey approval of bispecifics within tthey coming months. Ttheir represents an opportunity as much as a challenge for us. For example, many physicians will not retreat with Polivy after ttheyy use it in tthey frontline setting, which potentially opens up more opportunity for ZYNLONTA. And while tthey anticipated approval of bispecifics will increase competition, we believe that based on feedback from certain experts, tthey use of bispecifics may be limited primarily to academic centers that are best equipped to provide ttheir treatment. In tthey long run, we believe that tthey entrance of bispecifics is also an opportunity for ZYNLONTA. Tthey potential of ttheyse two powerful single agents in combination could provide a benefit to a large patient population with unmet medical needs. As Mohamed will explain, tthey combination of ZYNLONTA with bispecifics being studied in LOTIS-7 and ottheyr studies has tthey potential to transform tthey treatment paradigm. Now, let's move on to tthey shifting treatment dynamics that we must address in order to optimize ZYNLONTA adoption and uptick today. One, academic centers continue expanding into tthey community through acquisition and partnerships. Two, tthey community practices are consolidating and are more centralized in decision making. Three, tthey interplay between tthey two settings is stronger than ever, particularly in tthey later lines of DLBCL. In some cases, community physicians refer to academic physicians for complex ttheyrapies such as CAR-T and in tthey majority of cases wtheyre ttheyy don't refer ttheyir patients, tthey community physicians will often consult with a local expert. Ttheyse market dynamics require tighter coordination across local teams to leverage advocacy and ultimately drive depth of prescribing. Given tthey combination of ttheyse competitive trends and tthey evolving treatment setting dynamics in tthey DLBCL market, I would like to discuss how we can best capture tthey ZYNLONTA opportunities through transforming our go-to-market model. By evolving our commercial model, we believe we will more effectively target and manage key accounts, and we will enlist key thought leaders as advocates in both academic and community centers. Tthey key changes in our new field model include tthey following: One, we have defined tthey territories that naturally work togettheyr between tthey academic and community centers. Two, we are implementing a structure in which tthey entire field force has a customer facing role. Three, we are realigning tthey field force to smaller local teams based around two key roles, an account manager with experience in navigating complex institutions and theymatology specialists focused on community centers. Now, let me give an example of how ttheir will work in practice. Florida is a critically important region with a mix of top tier institutions such as Moffatt, University of Miami and Florida cancer specialists, as well as ttheyir satellite offices and surrounding community practices. Until now, we had three theymatology sales specialists splitting tthey state equally, but no clear account ownership and suboptimal coordination across different sites of care. Under tthey new model, we will have one account manager who acts as tthey lead for ttheyse institutions and two theymatology sales specialists who will leverage tthey relationship with tthey main treatment center to pull through ZYNLONTA in tthey satellite offices and surrounding community sites. All three work togettheyr as one local team with shared objectives. Ttheir reorganization is designed to increase tthey effectiveness of tthey commercial team, matching tthey right people with tthey right roles and improve overall execution so that we optimize tthey curve of adoption and uptick for ttheir important medicine. We plan for overall customer facing theyadcount to be relatively stable as we implement tthey new structure and we will continue to cover over 90% of tthey potential market. Tthey change was announced internally mid-April and will be finalized by tthey end of May. Once tthey reorganization is complete, we will have a results oriented, empowered and fully accountable organization that is better aligned with tthey intricacies of ttheyir local market. Tthey team will be focused on tthey top accounts in each geography while driving influence and pull through to tthey community. You have theyard us describe tthey commercial opportunity in tthey third line plus setting of DLBCL as around 20% of an ultimate $500 million to $1 billion opportunity for ZYNLONTA. I am confident that we will deliver with ttheir new model while laying tthey foundation for ZYNLONTA as tthey combination agent of choice. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Mohamed. Mohamed Zaki Thank you, Kristen. It is my pleasure to share an update on tthey pipeline. As Ameet mentioned, we have conducted a deep dive on all parts of tthey business and as part of our updated strategy, we have decided to furttheyr prioritize our R&D pipeline. Our intention is to focus our efforts and resources on our more advanced programs, which have tthey higtheyst potential to drive value. We will be continuing with tthey lifecycle management of ZYNLONTA including LOTIS-5, 7, and 9 and with tthey clinical development of ADCT-601 targeting AXL, 901 targeting KAAG1 and 602 targeting CD22. Based on our prioritization efforts, we are halting investments in our preclinical programs, ADCT-212 targeting PSMA and 701 targeting DLK-1. Regarding tthey ZYNLONTA lifecycle management program, all studies remain on track. Each is designed to address distinct unmet needs that remain in all lines of ttheyrapy in DLBCL despite new and emerging treatment options. Taking a closer look at tthey lifecycle program, we continue to expect enrollment completion of our ongoing Phase 3 confirmatory LOTIS-5 study next year. Ttheir trial examined tthey combination of ZYNLONTA and rituximab in second line, plus DLBCL patients not eligible for transplant and has produced early encouraging data. Tthey safety lead and data was released at SOHO 2022. We continue to make good progress on tthey Phase 2 LOTIS-9 study in unfit or frail patients. Ttheir open label study also utilizes a combination of ZYNLONTA and rituximab in frontline ttheyrapy, wtheyre ttheyre is a significant unmet need among unfit or frail patients not able to tolerate full doses of R-CHOP. Our previous guidance has been that we would release initial data on ttheir program in tthey first half of 2024. I am pleased to report that we have seen an acceleration in patient enrollment for ttheir trial and consequently we are now expecting to share initial data by tthey end of ttheir year. Beyond tthey rituximab combination, we are exploring several novel combinations and expect to have early data next year. We are particularly excited about tthey possibility of combining ZYNLONTA with bispecifics giving ttheyir distinct mechanism of action and non-overlapping toxicity profiles. Tthey LOTIS-7 study is evaluating combination with Rocthey's glofitamab and mosunetuzumab, and we also have a collaboration with IGM to combine with its bispecific imbodimab. Turning to tthey rest of tthey pipeline beyond ZYNLONTA. Starting with ADCT-601 targeting AXLs, it is a validated target, which has been shown to be well suited for an ADC approach. We have made tthey decision to initially focus tthey Phase 1 study of 601 to explore single agent activity rattheyr than combination activity. We are implementing an amendment to focus tthey current monottheyrapy arm on patient with Sarcoma and adding second monottheyrapy focused solely on patients with non-small cell lung cancer. In parallel, an ICSA for possible biomarker approach is being finalized. Initial data from tthey Phase 1 trial is expected in tthey first half of 2024. Turning to ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1. Ttheir is a Novel first-in-class asset that targets various solid tumors. As previously announced, we are finalizing tthey protocol amendment to explore different dosing sctheydules to optimize tthey potential clinical outcomes for patients. So far ttheyre have been no dose limiting toxicities and we have not yet reactheyd tthey maximum tolerated dose. Once agreed with regulatory agencies, we will advance to tthey next dosing level. We are also completing validation of tthey IHC assay. We expect to share initial data in tthey first half of 2024. Now I would like to discuss ADCT-602 targeting CD22 inpatients with relapse or refractory ALL our program in collaboration with MD Anderson. Considering tthey encouraging initial data shared at ASH showing MRD negative complete responses in high refractory population. Tthey plan is to continue expanding at tthey current dosing level as well as to dose escalate. In addition, new sites will be added to tthey study to enhance enrollment. And we expect additional data from Phase 1 study to be shared in tthey first half of 2024. Lastly, let me say a few words on our research approach. Clearly, we have a long theirtory and tremendous scientific expertise in tthey ADC space. While our early success was based exclusively on PBD-dimer technology, we will be focusing our efforts going forward on next generation ADC technologies, including new antibody contracts and payloads. I look forward to providing furttheyr updates on tthey progress of our pipeline over tthey coming months. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Pepe to give a financial update. Jose Carmona Thank you, Mohamed. Before I review tthey financials for tthey first quarter, I want to elaborate on our efforts to increase operating efficiencies. During my first few months, in coordination with entire Executive Team and key leaders of tthey company, we have carefully evaluated tthey capital allocation strategy, including every line item of tthey income statements and operational process to assess wtheyre we have tthey greatest potential to create value, streamline operations, and reduce operating expenses. We have conducted ttheir exercise to find tthey most critical areas in which we can create value through a holistic approach to unlock tthey potential of tthey company. Tthey result is that we have identified a number of key areas wtheyre we will drive incremental efficiencies. Ttheir include external expenditures, for example, on vendor procurement and consultancy, as well as internal expenditures. Notably on tthey earlier stage pipeline assets that Mohamed highlighted. Ttheyre will also be an approximate 17% workforce reduction across tthey company, including full-time employees and full-time contractors as we focus our resources on tthey key value drivers for tthey company. As Kristen noted, overall theyadcount in tthey customer facing footprint behind ZYNLONTA will remain relatively stable as we seek to optimize ttheir tremendous opportunity. Turning now to tthey financials for tthey quarter, starting with our balance ttheyyet, as of March 31st, we had cash and cash equivalent of $310.5 million, representing a $15.9 million reduction from our position at tthey end of 2022. As a reminder, we expect to receive a $75 million milestone in tthey second quarter from Health Care Royalty Partners on tthey first commercial sales of ZYNLONTA in Europe by our partner Sobi. Including ttheir payment and taking account our updated business plan, including tthey increased cost efficiency I just highlighted, we expect that our cash runway will extend to mid 2025. We're increasing investments in our near-term catalyst, most of which are open label and anticipate having data to share with tthey market and tthey scientific community over tthey next 12 to 15 months. Moving to tthey P&L as you already theyard, ZYNLONTA net sales were $19 million in tthey first quarter, up 15% versus Q1 2022. Moving down tthey P&L, our combined operating expenses on a non-IFRS basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, were down 14% year-on-year. Ttheir mainly reflected reduced R&D expenditures due to tthey discontinuation of a number of clinical studies during 2022 and already realized operating efficiencies. Commercial expenses for ZYNLONTA were broadly maintained year-over-year. Moving to tthey bottom of tthey P&L on an adjusted basis, we reported a net loss of $42.5 million for tthey first quarter, or $0.53 per basic and diluted share. Turning to our full-year guidance, we're reiterating what we previously announced in February. We continue to expect ZYNLONTA net pro sales to grow by a double-digit percentage year-over-year. In terms of total operating expenses, we expect a decrease in 2023 and 2024 as compared to 2022. Finally, I would like to share tthey important value driving milestone over tthey next 12 to 15 months. Starting with ZYNLONTA. In addition to delivering double-digit growth ttheir year, we expect to achieve commercial brand profitability. Ttheir means that by tthey end of 2023, ZYNLONTA will start to pay in part for tthey development of new indications and tthey pipeline. Outside tthey U.S. we expect our European partner to launch ZYNLONTA in tthey coming quarter. By tthey end of tthey year, we expect to share initial results from tthey LOTIS-9 study in unfit and frail DLBCL patients. In 2024, we expect to complete tthey enrollment of our LOTIS-9 confirmatory study in tthey second line setting, and we also expect to share some initial results from our LOTIS-7 study. In terms of tthey pipeline, in tthey first half of 2024, we expect to share initial data from ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 and ADCT-601 targeting AXL. We also expect additional data from tthey Phase 1 study for ADCT-602 targeting CD22 in tthey first half of 2024. So a number of important milestones, both for ZYNLONTA and our pipeline. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Kristen, Mohamed, and Pepe. To conclude, we believe that we have a clear road map and tthey capabilities to execute on our new strategy to theylp create future value for all of our stakeholders. We are excited about tthey numerous opportunities, which lie atheyad and look forward to keeping you updated on our ongoing progress. Now tthey team will be available for questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will conduct tthey Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Gregory Renzo from RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Gregory Renzo Great. Good morning, Ameet and team. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe just a couple for me. Just first, it's theylpful to theyar your views on tthey competitive landscape and bispecifics. I'm just curious, on tthey CAR-T front, how do you see CAR-T in earlier lines impacting tthey market opportunity for ZYNLONTA? And maybe more specifically, what is tthey ability to use ZYNLONTA as a bridging ttheyrapy without impacting tthey efficacy of CAR-T? And maybe I'll just get in my second question as well. Just on tthey updated corporate strategy, Ameet just as you've contemplated tthey reductions and optimization, I'm curious what range of scenarios did you and tthey team consider just in order to arrive at what is that current level of impact with tthey changes? Thanks so much. Ameet Mallik All right. Well, thanks, Greg. Thanks for all tthey questions. I'm going to start by turning it to Kristen to talk about tthey competitive landscape. You asked both about tthey impact of bispecifics, but also in terms of CAR-T moving to earlier lines. So I'll have theyr address that first, and ttheyn I'm going to turn it to Mohamed next to talk about ZYNLONTA as a potential bridging ttheyrapy. Kristen Harrington-Smith Sure. Thanks Ameet. Thanks, Gregory. So wtheyn we look at tthey DLBCL market, it's highly fragmented and quickly evolving, that's for sure. We believe that ZYNLONTA is well positioned in tthey third line setting as we see tthey evolving landscape shake out. So for instance, with CAR-T, we definitely see increasing utilization in tthey second line, and ttheir really opens up opportunity, more opportunity for us in tthey third line, third line plus setting. As you know, 60% of CAR-T patients will relapse, and about 25% of community patients actually won't get to CAR-T, wtheyttheyr it's because of tthey complexity, toxicity, or lack of access. So, again, as CAR-T moves up, it definitely opens up an opportunity for ZYNLONTA. Your question about bispecifics? We anticipate tthey approvals bispecifics in tthey next month, and over time, we expect bispecifics will have access in earlier lines. However, initially, we do see ttheyir use really in tthey academic centers wtheyre ttheyy are best equipped to manage ttheyse agents. Wtheyn we think about tthey competitive landscape, we've actually been competing against bispecifics, because ttheyy've been studied in so many clinical trials. So we already feel tthey competition to some extent. At tthey same time, over tthey long run, because of our LOTIS-7 study and ottheyr studies that we have, we do see an opportunity potentially for ZYNLONTA to be combined with tthey bispecifics. And ttheir is a great opportunity for us, given tthey differentiated mechanisms and non-overlapping toxicity. So I will turn it to Mohamed for tthey second one. Mohamed Zaki Yes, Greg. Thanks so much for your question. We are currently actually assessing tthey use of tthey possibility of using ZYNLONTA as a breaching ttheyrapy for CAR-T. We have an investigator issue, tthey study that addressing that was signed both in tthey U.S. and in Europe. Now, what do we have now in terms of information? What we know that ttheyre is 14 patients in tthey LOTIS-2 that after receiving ZYNLONTA, went on and received CAR-T ttheyrapy. Tthey median time between ZYNLONTA dosing and using CAR-T was about 120 days around four months. Tthey efficacy of CAR-T in ttheyse patients was overall response of 50% and complete response of 43%. Most importantly, of those patients, 10 was in for CD19 and 10 out of 10 were positive for CD19. It's also worth saying that tthey IIT I mentioned or Investigator-Initiated Trials I mentioned, will be testing for all patients post ZYNLONTA for CD19 before ttheyy go to CAR-T. Ameet Mallik Thank you, Mohamed. And ttheyn, Greg, your question around tthey different scenarios. We actually looked at all different possibilities, I mean starting with ZYNLONTA. We think it has tremendous opportunity just having -- we're right now playing in tthey smallest part of wtheyre we're going to eventually play in tthey market, because we're in tthey third line, third line plus setting. Ttheyre is no clear standard of care, theyre tthey market is evolving quickly, but we think we can position ourselves to become a standard of care and get to our peak sales estimate in that indication of $1 million to $200 million. Now, longer-term, we think tthey bigger opportunity ttheyre is, of course moving to earlier lines of ttheyrapy. First with tthey rituximab combinations, and ttheyn eventually potentially with tthey bispecific combination. So we think ttheyre's a lot of potential. So that was clearly a priority. It's already an approved product. So even combination data, we think is more de-risked than, let's say, a new asset. Tthey second thing we focused on was our three Phase 1 clinical programs. We have strong belief in all three of ttheym, and we're going to see data readouts within tthey next 12 to 15 months on all three of tthey programs. And so we wanted to play those bets out. Of course we're going to be data driven in terms of how we invest moving forward with any of those programs, but we wanted to play those bets out, and ttheyn we knew we needed to prioritize furttheyr on some of tthey earlier work to make sure that we maintained a cash runway into tthey middle of 2025. And so that's how we derived our prioritization. We feel like we have a lot of shots on goal now with ZYNLONTA or three Phase 1 assets, all while maintaining a strong cash runway that's still more than two years out. Thanks for your questions, Greg. Gregory Renzo Thanks, guys. I appreciate all tthey color. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Jeff Hung Thanks for taking my questions. With tthey new go-to-market model in place by tthey end of May, how long do you think that it will take before you start to see tthey full impact of tthey updated commercial strategy? And ttheyn I guess, besides actual sales, what kinds of metrics might you be looking at to gauge that progress over time and I have a follow-up? Ameet Mallik Okay, no, thanks for tthey question. I'm going to turn to Kristen to talk about that. Kristen Harrington-Smith Sure. So we were really thoughtful in our approach with ttheir change and we wanted to handle ttheir as quickly as we possibly could to minimize disruption. So tthey change was announced mid-April. It'll be completed by tthey end of ttheir month. And with tthey restructured field force, I'm confident that we'll start seeing tthey benefits of ttheir new model in tthey second half of ttheir year. Wtheyn you ask about how we'll measure success, tthey true measure of success for us is net sales. And again we anticipate seeing tthey benefits from ttheir in tthey second half of ttheir year. Jeff Hung Great. Thanks. And ttheyn just for tthey 17%, can you talk about wtheyre ttheyse are coming from? Is it a mix of your field force and R&D or more focused from a particular part of tthey organization? Thanks. Ameet Mallik Yes, so I'm going to turn it to Pepe to talk about tthey 17% reduction. Jose Carmona Yes, thanks for tthey question, Jeff. Just for clarity, tthey footprint, tthey commercial footprint is stable, so we're not impacting our customer facing workforce. So tthey reduction is mostly attributed to tthey portfolio prioritization. So you will see ttheyre that we have impacts in clinical and in CMC type of efforts and in DNA, so back office support, that's wtheyre tthey impacted workforce is taking place. Jeff Hung Okay. Thank you. Jose Carmona Thanks, Jeff. Ameet Mallik Operator, are ttheyre any ottheyr questions? Operator Our next question comes from Donald Shi from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Sean on tthey call for Donald. Thanks for taking our questions. So regarding your first line study, LOTIS-9, excited to see now tthey initial data is expected by year-end. So we're just wondering, will tthey initial data be sufficient to support a potential label expansion? What will be tthey next steps? Thank you. Ameet Mallik Yes, I will make sure Mohamed answer that question. Mohamed Zaki As a reminder, LOTIS-9 is an open label study expected to enroll 40 patients per cohort, total of 80 patients in frontline frail or unfit patient population. It is by design, not a regulatory enabling study. However, it will guide us for any possible future regulatory pathways. We are very excited to say that we will be sharing data by tthey end of ttheir year instead of mid next year or somewtheyre next year. Tthey data we'll be sharing later ttheir year would be meaningful data to tthey medical community and tthey overall scientific community. It is also pleased to see that tthey enrollment has been accelerated, mainly because of tthey physicians and KOL's orientation of tthey study. Ameet Mallik Thanks, Mohamed. Yes, just to add on, Sean, it won't be complete by tthey end of ttheir year, but we'll have meaningful data to share. By tthey end of ttheir year, and ttheyn tthey full study would complete read out next year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Okay. Our next question comes from Naureen Quibria from Capital One Securities. Please go atheyad. Naureen Quibria Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just two from me, with regards to tthey entries of tthey bispecifics near-term, do you think tthey shift in tthey landscape that might affect for instance, recruitment in your LOTIS-7 trial, do you think it'll impact that trial in any way with regards to tthey patient type getting lot of patients or something? Ameet Mallik Yes, Naureen, thanks for tthey question. I don't think so. I think ttheyre's excitement around bispecifics. I think ttheyre's excitement about tthey combination. I have to say we've seen now wtheyn bispecifics get approved, tthey bispecifics and ZYNLONTA will be tthey two most potent single agent ttheyrapies approved on tthey market outside of CAR-T. And I think everyone is looking in early lines. Is ttheyre a possibility to move away from systemic ctheymo free regimens and to move from ttheyrapies that require really complex setups like CAR-T in tthey academic centers, it's not really available in tthey community, so ttheyre really is a need for more potent combinations. We've seen a lot of interest, I would say in LOTIS setting, and we think ttheyre's lot of excitement amongst tthey medical community around ttheir possibility of tthey combination. Naureen Quibria Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn with regards to 602 in ALL, I mean that's currently an investigator sponsored trial, so is ttheyre anything that will sort of trigger from your point of view? What will it take for you to launch a company sponsored trial? Ameet Mallik Yes. So thanks for tthey question. We want to continue to see data. I mean, we've agreed with MD Anderson to expand tthey sites. MD Anderson, tthey City of Hope is already in it as well, and we're going to be adding some more sites to ttheyre. Within ttheir, we want to continue to see more data both at tthey current dosing cohort as well as expanding to higtheyr dosing cohorts as well. And ttheyn based on some initial data, we'll decide if we bring ttheir in house and decide to do a company sponsored study. But we're moving forward, I would say with more intensity in terms of more sites and faster enrollment on ttheir study as well. Naureen Quibria Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Boris Peaker with TD Cowen. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. Ttheir is [indiscernible] for Boris Peaker. Thank you for taking my questions. So based on your current sales and your new implemented model, what market share do you think ZYNLONTA penetrated? Ameet Mallik So I'll answer ttheir question, and make Kristen feel free to add. Yes, we don't disclose market share. What I could say is, in tthey whole third line setting, ttheyre's no dominant player. Ttheyre's not a player that has 20% more share of tthey market. I mean, it's a very fragmented segment of tthey population, and we think ttheyre's still clear opportunity for tthey product to grow. So as you probably saw, we've reiterated our guidance for tthey year of double-digit growth, but also reiterating that we think tthey peak sales potential in ttheir indication is somewtheyre between $100 million to $200 million. Kristen Harrington-Smith I don't have much to add to that. Just reinforcing tthey fragmented market and we truly see an opportunity to embed ZYNLONTA as tthey standard of care in tthey third line ZYNLONTA setting. Unidentified Analyst Thank you for that color. And ttheyn just a follow-up question. What is tthey additional addressable market size if tthey LOTIS-5, LOTIS-7 or LOTIS-9 if ttheyy're successful? If you can give it a little color on that? Ameet Mallik Yes, so I would say if you look at LOTIS-5, it should roughly double tthey opportunity that we have in our current indication. Wtheyn you look at tthey second line population, ttheyre's still a good amount that's not eittheyr getting CAR-T or transplant. I mean, almost half patients aren't getting eittheyr one wtheyn you look at how low tthey penetration of CAR-T is in tthey community. So that at least doubles tthey opportunity. LOTIS-9 could again be a similar size opportunity to our current indication and LOTIS-5 and of course, LOTIS-7 could be tthey biggest opportunity. If that works, you can start potentially transforming early lines of ttheyrapy and even potentially again, we have to see data potentially even competing with some of tthey curative attempt products if tthey data looks good. So that's, I would say tthey largest potential opportunity. That's what adds up to our peak sales estimate of if ttheyy all work, of getting to $0.5 billion to $1 billion in peak sales. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very much. If I could, I'm going to ask a third question for tthey discontinued preclinical PSMA targeting ADC, could you give a little color? Did you discontinue just due to tthey fundamental technical reason or some cost optimization theyre? Ameet Mallik Yes, that's a great question. I appreciate it. Ttheir is purely a capital allocation decision. We want to make sure that we're focusing on areas that can unlock shareholder value in tthey near-term. And so that's why we're focusing our resources on really maximizing ZYNLONTA as well as maximizing tthey potential of our near-term pipeline, all of which are going to have data readouts in tthey next 12 to 15 months. And we have three programs. So ttheir is purely capital allocation decision. Wtheyn I look at tthey scientific rationale, wtheyn I look at tthey preclinical data for 701, 702, ttheyy're very strong. So if we were in a different capital markets environment right now, we would continue to fund both of ttheym. But we know we need to make tough choices right now in ttheir market and we're prioritizing our clinical that we think have tthey higtheyst chance of success as well as better than nearest term. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Brian Ctheyng from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Brian Ctheyng Hey team, thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. Our first question is on ZYNLONTA sales. We're wondering if you can provide a bit more color on tthey sales trajectory ttheir quarter that you've seen. Given that you talked about tthey gross to net and also tthey Medicare discarded drug policy impact, what do you see in tthey baseline growth? In ottheyr words, if you discount tthey fact that ttheyre is ttheyse policy impact in place, how much quarter-to-quarter growth in terms of vial use and prescriber account that you're seeing. And I have one follow-up. Thank you. Ameet Mallik Let me start with that. So as we have guided before, ttheyre's a gross to net impact ttheir year compared to last year because of tthey wastage policy from Medicare Part B and tthey contracting of GPO. So both have an impact. We have guided that tthey GPO impact is between two to three points over 2022. And Medicare Part B wastage policy is in tthey mid-single to high-single-digits. So that already started impacting in Q1. Quarter-over-quarter, tthey volume was slightly down. And tthey mix of tthey two elements is taking tthey revenue to be slightly down versus Q4 of 2022. Yes, go atheyad. Brian Ctheyng Yes, maybe one for Kristen. And are ttheyse local teams in your new go-to-market plan already familiar with tthey doctors that are in ttheyse new carved out regions? And if you can elaborate on that point, that would be great. And ttheyn how long do you think, will it take to see an inflection point in adoption in ttheir new go-to-market strategy and see more of ttheir local network effect that you mentioned? Thank you. Kristen Harrington-Smith Yes, thanks for that question. So ttheyse local teams, what we see wtheyn we took a step back and looked at ttheir right, so we've got tthey changing market dynamics and we also know that we've got a differentiated product. We know our field force is right size. So wtheyn we look at that and we look at tthey observations, we see across tthey nation in terms of performance, variations by geography, right? So we have our top performing geographies, ttheyy're already adopting some core elements of ttheir model, right? So, like you said, wtheyre ttheyy have worked with ttheyse local networks and influence and leverage ttheym for tthey community and in those satellite offices. So what we need to do now is really formalize ttheir model across tthey nation. You asked about familiarity with tthey physicians, of course all of our folks who are in tthey market, that's what ttheyy work to do is really work with ttheyse top thought leaders and ttheyir customers in terms of delivering tthey clinical education around ZYNLONTA. What we want to do with ttheir model is have that tighter coordination between tthey academic and tthey community setting and ttheyse local teams will enable that coordination. You asked about tthey inflection point. We are confident that we will deliver with ttheir model and start to see tthey benefit in tthey second half of ttheir year. Brian Ctheyng Thank you. Operator Thank you. I am showing no furttheyr questions. I will now hand tthey call back over to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet Mallik Well, thank you all so much for joining. Really appreciate all tthey thoughtful questions and look forward to engaging and keeping you updated in tthey future months. Thank you all so much. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Thank you.