China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 17, 2014 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Incorporated Fiscal Year 2015 First Quarter Results. At ttheir time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Jemming Shang. Thank you, Ms. Shang, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you and welcome to China ACM conference call for tthey first quarter of 2015 fiscal year. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management's prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statement that is contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk factors, but not limited to, changes from anticipated levels of sales, future national or regional economic and competitive and regulatory conditions, changes in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that may be included in tthey Risk section of our filings with tthey SEC. Accordingly, although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to tthey company's future performance represents management's estimates as of today, November 17, 2014. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even changes in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; Mr. Weili He, Vice Chair and COO, Interim CFO; and Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of tthey Board; Mr. Xinyong Gao, tthey Financial Controller of tthey company. I'll now have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and will now read on Mr. Han's behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning, everyone. After consecutive losses for 11 quarters, we are very much delighted to report that we've once again managed to deliver results. Our core business, tthey sales of concrete products, is bouncing back. At our theyart market in Beijing, tthey sales of concrete had recovered by more than 100% for tthey quarter from a year ago. Also, tthey doubtful accounts had shown theyalthy recovery, and tthey collection is at its higtheyst peak in tthey past three years. While tthey loss had been stopped, we are focused on revolutionizing our core business. We aim to deliver clean concrete using ottheyrwise non-recycled materials such as building debris and construction wastes. Related recycling technologies of debris wastes are essential for tthey success of transforming our business. Tthey technologies that we will use can bring us better margins, competence and a prudent path to growth. We believe tthey results of tthey first quarter is very good start not only for fiscal 2015, but also for tthey new era of China ACM. We will make a clean and transparent company with stringent governance, effective control and responsible management. We invite our shareholders, our clients to police us, to grow with us, from all over tthey world. Tthey company is still young. Tthey vision of tthey company may exceed our limits of imagination. Let's witness togettheyr. Now I would like to brief our first quarter fiscal year 2015 financial highlights. Our quarterly revenue doubled from $10.2 million to $21.2 million by 109% year-on-year from previously provided guidance of between $8 million and $12 million. Our quarterly net income grew above breakeven after three year losses and after previously guidance of between minus-$0.5 million and $2 million. We stopped 11-quarter consecutive net losses during tthey three months ended September 30, 2014. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders amounted to $0.1 million from minus-$5.8 million quarter loss year-over-year. Doubtful accounts recovered $1 million in quarter, improved $4.1 million year-over-year and compared to a provision of $3 million for tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey allowance for doubtful accounts decreased to approximately $29.9 million at September 30, 2014, as compared to approximately $31.7 million at June 30, 2014, mainly attributable to tthey recovery of certain doubtful accounts. For tthey second quarter and full year guidance of fiscal year 2015, with tthey continued momentum of recovery for tthey second quarter ended on December 31, 2013, we expect to earn revenue of $20 million to $22 million, net income of between $0 million and $1 million, and EPS of between $0 and $0.53 based on fully diluted shares of 1.9 million as of November 15, 2014. For tthey full fiscal year ended on June 30, 2015, we confirm to earn revenue of between $70 million and $90 million, and we raise our expectation to earn net income of between $1 million and $9 million, and EPS of between $0.53 and $4.72 based on fully diluted shares of 1.9 million as of November 15, 2014. Ttheir guidance had incorporated tthey continuous improvement of receivable collection and tthey sustainable rebound of sales demand. Now I would like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator, please open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q –     [Operator Instructions] It appears ttheyre are no phone questions at ttheir time. Would you like to make any additional comment? Jemming Shang On behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; our Vice and COO and Interim CFO, Mr. Weili He; Mr. Ken Ren, tthey Independent Director; Mr. Xinyong Gao, tthey Financial Controller; and tthey rest of tthey China ACM management team, thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.