China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call February 17, 2015 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Chairman and CEO Ken Ren - Independent Director, Board Analysts Operator Greetings. And welcome to the China Advanced Construction Materials Group Fiscal Year 2015 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Jemming Shang. Ms. Shang, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you. And welcome to China ACM conference call for the second quarter of 2015 fiscal year. I am Jemming Shang, the Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management's prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Therefore the company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements that is contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk as, but not limited to, changes from anticipated levels of sales, future national or regional economic and a competitive and regulatory conditions, changes in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and other factors that maybe included in the Risk section of our filings with the SEC. Accordingly, although, the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to the company's future performance represents management's estimates as of today, February 17, 2015. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of the Board. I'll now have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and will now read on Mr. Han's behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning. In the past quarter, the Government of China hosted the APEC meeting in Beijing to mitigate the adverse pollutions, the government ordered suspensions of industrial production in Beijing and vicinity area, larger, wider and longer than expected. Such suspensions had adversely affected certain industries and companies. Our company got affected as well for the quarter. However, for the rest of the year, we will continue our efforts to increase our client base and improve the collection of account receivables. In the ongoing third quarter, we are committed to sweat to stop loss and bring our business back to the normal track. We target to turn around as soon as possible and are cautiously optimistic to breakeven for the whole fiscal year as we had planned. For the second quarter fiscal year 2015 results, for the three months ended December 31, 2014, we incurred total revenue of approximately US$17.6 million and total costs of revenue of approximately US$16.1 million. Our gross profit for sale of concrete was approximately US$1.6 million or 9% of revenue. The provision for doubtful accounts was US$1.4 million. And we incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately US$2.9 million. Research and development expenses were US$0.3 million. And we recognized net loss of approximately US$2.9 million, which was mainly due to the production suspension caused by the APEC meeting in Beijing. For the third quarter ended on March 31, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$10 million and US$11 million, net income of between US$1 million and US$1.5 million, and EPS of between US$0.48 and US$0.71 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of February 15, 2015. For the full fiscal year ended on June 30, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$70 million and US$75 million, net income of between US$1 million and US$2 million, and EPS of between US$0.48 and US$0.95 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of February 15, 2015. Now, I will like to open the call up for questions. Operator, please open the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Jemming Shang Okay. Thank you. On behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; Mr. Ken Ren, the Independent Director and the rest of the China ACM management team, thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.