China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q3 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2015 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Chairman and CEO Weili He - Vice Chair and COO, Interim CFO Ken Ren - Independent Director, Board Analysts Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Results Conference. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I’ll now turn tthey conference over to your host, Ms. Shang. Thank you, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you. And welcome to China ACM conference call for tthey third quarter of 2015 fiscal year. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management's prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements that is contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk as, but not limited to, changes from anticipated levels of sales, future national or regional economic and a competitive and regulatory conditions, changes in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that maybe included in tthey Risk section of our filings with tthey SEC. Accordingly, although, tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to tthey company's future performance represents management's estimates as of today, May 14, 2015. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; Mr. Weili He, Vice Chair and COO, Interim CFO; and Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of tthey Board, Mr. Xinyong Gao, tthey Financial Controller of tthey Company. Now I’ll have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and will now read on Mr. Han's behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning. In tthey third quarter, we generated total revenue of approximately US$5.1 million. Such decrease is mainly due to tthey production volume decrease caused by tthey delay in some of our customer's production activity. Such unexpected delays were caused by prolonged bureaucratic procedures for our customers to obtain construction permits as tthey Beijing government strengttheyned regulations in tthey construction industry as part of tthey environmental protection efforts to improve air quality in tthey urban area. Our total gross loss was approximately US$0.2 million for ttheir quarter. Tthey decrease in gross profits was primarily caused by tthey decreased production volume. We had recovery of doubtful accounts of approximately US$4.7 million for ttheir quarter. As compared to tthey balances of December 31, 2014, through tthey improved collection efforts and agreements to offset customer receivables with vendor payables, we effectively reduced balances aged from one to two years by approximately US$2.0 million, balances aged from two years to three years by approximately US$2.1 million and balances aged beyond three years by approximately US$2.2 million. In ttheir quarter, we incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately $2.7 million for tthey quarter. Net Income was approximately $1 million for tthey quarter. And we had working capital of US$28.9 million including US$7.4 million in cash and equivalents, US$11.2 million in restricted cash, US$5.7 million in short term investments, US$40.8 million in accounts receivable, US$49.6 million in prepayments and advances, US$1.5 million in ottheyr receivables and US$91 million in current liabilities. Shareholders' equity was $41.6 million compared with $40.4 million at June 30, 2014. For tthey fourth quarter ended on June 30, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$10 million and US$15 million, net loss of between US$2 million and US$3 million, and EPS of between minus US$0.95 and minus US$1.43 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of May 13, 2015. For tthey full fiscal year ended on June 30, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$54 million and US$59 million, net loss of between US$3.5 million and US$4.5 million, and EPS of between minus US$1.67 and minus US$2.14 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of May 13, 2015. Now I would like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator, please open tthey call for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Jemming Shang On behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; our Vice President and COO, Interim CFO, Mr. Weili He; Mr. Ken Ren, our Independent Director; Mr. Xinyong Gao, tthey Financial Controller and all tthey rest of China ACM Management Team. Thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.