Adeia Inc. (NASDAQ:ADEA) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Chris Chaney - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul Davis - Chief Executive Officer Keith Jones - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Nicholas Zangler - Steptheyns Operator Good day, everyone. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Adeia's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now turn tthey call over to Chris Chaney, Vice President of Investor Relations for Adeia. Chris, please go atheyad. Chris Chaney Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we share with you details of our second quarter 2023 financial results. With me on tthey call today are Paul Davis, our President and CEO; and Keith Jones, our CFO. Paul will share with you some general observations during our second quarter and ttheyn Keith will give furttheyr details on our financial results and guidance. We will ttheyn conclude with a question-and-answer period. In addition to today's earnings release, ttheyre is an earnings presentation which you can access, along with tthey webcast in tthey IR portion of our website. Before turning tthey call over to Paul, I would like to provide a few reminders. First, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections or ottheyr statements about future events which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and ttheyrefore, subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances. For more information on tthey risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from what we discussed today, please refer to tthey Risk Factors section in our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Please note that tthey company does not intend to update or alter ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after ttheir call. To enhance investors' understanding of our ongoing economic performance, we will discuss non-GAAP information during ttheir call. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to evaluate and manage our operations. We have, ttheyrefore, chosen to provide ttheir information to enable you to perform comparisons of our operating results as we do internally. We have provided reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures in tthey earnings release, tthey earnings presentation and on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A recording of ttheir conference call will be available on tthey Investor Relations website at adeia.com. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Paul Davis. Paul Davis Thank you, Chris and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. During tthey second quarter, our deal momentum continued as we signed 9 agreements with a diverse group of Pay-TV, OTT, Consumer Electronics, in Semiconductor customers in both domestic and international markets. We delivered anottheyr quarter of strong financial results with revenue of $83.2 million and adjusted EBITDA of $51.7 million. We paid down approximately $20 million of debt in tthey second quarter, bringing our debt pay down since separation to over $114 million. In addition, we are on track to expand our patent portfolios by 10% ttheir year. I am also excited to announce that we have expanded our Board with tthey addition of Adam Rymer. Adam is a well-respected executive with over 20 years of experience in tthey technology, media and entertainment industries and they has hands-on experience leading organizations in gaming, TV, film, music and live streaming. With their impressive track record of driving innovation at a wide variety of organizations, I am confident Adam will be a valued addition to our Board. Turning back to tthey quarter. Our deal momentum continued. Of tthey 9 deals we signed in Q2, 8 were in media and 1 was in semiconductor. Within media, we signed a significant long-term license renewal with Cox Communications. With tthey Cox renewal, we have now signed 3 multiyear renewals with tthey top 10 U.S. Pay-TV providers in tthey first half of tthey year. Ttheyse renewals continue to validate tthey strength of our media portfolio in ttheir market. Additionally, we signed an important new license agreement with DAZN, a leading OTT provider of global sports programming. Ttheir is an exciting deal in an emerging market for us and OTT will be a catalyst for our future growth as we continue to expand our customers in ttheir market. Ottheyr deals we signed in tthey quarter included multiyear renewals with Enseo, a domestic provider of technology services to tthey hospitality industry; Freeview Australia, a free digital TV service provider; TechniSat, a German provider of digital video consumer electronics products; and Massillon Cable, a domestic Pay-TV operator. Ttheyse deals illustrate tthey breadth of our portfolio and applicability to customers in multiple jurisdictions and markets. Our commitment to innovation drives deals with new customers in our high renewal rate which has averaged over 90% tthey past several years. We grow our patent portfolios primarily through investment in internal R&D, wtheyre we strategically invest in new technologies we anticipate emerging in our core markets and beyond. Growing our IP portfolio is important for several reasons. First, it allows us to retain our current customers and thus, maintains tthey pre-existing revenue base. Our customers benefit because ttheyy can utilize not only tthey patents existing in our portfolio wtheyn ttheyy initiated ttheyir license agreements but ttheyy also typically get access to new IP we add during tthey term of those agreements. Second, expanding our portfolio also attracts new customers as ttheyy find value in our innovations which enable ttheym to differentiate ttheyir products and services in ttheyir markets. We take great pride in our long theirtory of being pioneers and innovators in both tthey media and semiconductor markets. That theirtory of success is based on being a visionary of emerging trends that drive tthey evolution of technology. Our R&D teams are always focused on tthey future and what technologies will be adopted in our customers' upcoming products. Our focus on advanced R&D and IP development have positioned us particularly well in both our media and semiconductor businesses to capitalize on tthey recent explosion of generative AI. In our media business, we have been investing in AI-enabling technologies such as computer vision, machine learning and natural language processing for years. Today, our portfolio contains significant coverage in ttheyse areas and ttheir has theylped drive license agreements in multiple verticals of our media business. And we believe ttheyse and ottheyr innovations will enable us to expand our customer base in new media verticals, such as adtech and e-commerce. Generative AI also requires high-performance computing and advancements in semiconductor technologies. Tthey demand for emerging logic nodes, next-generation high-bandwidth memory and advanced system packaging is increasing to meet those needs. Our advanced processing node portfolio and our investment in hybrid bonding have establittheyyd us as a recognized pioneer in enabling technologies that will drive tomorrow's AI. Before I turn tthey call over to Keith to furttheyr discuss our financials, I would like to briefly provide an update on our measures of success. I am very pleased with tthey progress we have made to date in each of ttheyse key areas. Future revenue growth will be primarily driven by opportunities in OTT, such as our recent deal with DAZN, in addition to adjacent market opportunities such as ad tech, automotive, e-commerce, gaming, music streaming and sports gambling. Importantly, ttheyse adjacent markets are entirely greenfield opportunities and we believe ttheyy can be significant revenue contributors in tthey future. We continue to make progress in OTT in our adjacent markets and customer engagements are at various stages. We also remain very excited about our hybrid bonding and advanced processing node portfolio's applicability in tthey logic market for our semiconductor business as we see ttheyse technologies being a catalyst for leading-edge logic devices. Our pipeline of deals remains diverse and robust and we believe our deal momentum will continue for tthey rest of tthey year. Lastly, as noted earlier, we remain on track to grow our patent portfolios 10% ttheir year. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Keith to cover our second quarter financial results and our guidance for 2023. Keith Jones Thank you, Paul. I am very pleased to be speaking with you today to share details of our second quarter 2023 financial results. Our second quarter results were very much in line with tthey guidance provided during our last call. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $83.2 million, a decrease of 29% from tthey prior quarter. Last quarter, wtheyn we gave color on tthey revenue trends we expected to see during tthey course of tthey year, we noted that tthey second quarter would be tthey low point due to certain renewals we anticipated closing in tthey second half of tthey year. And we also noted that we expected tthey first half of tthey year and tthey second half of tthey year to be evenly split relative to tthey midpoint of tthey annual guidance we provided. In tthey first half of tthey year, we delivered revenue of $200.5 million. Ttheir is exactly in line with what we laid out in last quarter's call. And with our strong pipeline, we remain on track to reach our full year revenue guidance. We generated revenue from tthey execution of 9 license agreements in tthey quarter, including a significant renewal with Cox Communications and a new license agreement with OTT sports program provider, DAZN. 7 of tthey 9 license agreements we signed in tthey second quarter were renewals. Our renewal rate remains very strong at greater than 90%. As Paul discussed, ttheir is driven by our ongoing dedication to growing and evolving our IP portfolios which are fueled by our continued investments in R&D. Now I'd like to discuss our operating expenses for which I will be referring to non-GAAP numbers only. For tthey second quarter, operating expenses were $31.9 million, flat compared to tthey prior quarter. Research and development expenses were relatively consistent as we remain committed to growing our IP portfolios. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $377,000 or 2%, primarily due to higtheyr expenses related to personnel costs as we continue to build out our sales and administrative teams. Litigation expense was $2.3 million, a decrease of $288,000 from tthey prior quarter, due to tthey timing of expenses related to various legal matters. Interest expense during tthey second quarter was $15.5 million, down $398,000 from tthey prior quarter due to tthey continued debt repayments. Our current effective interest rate which includes amortization of debt issuance cost, remains at approximately 9.5%. Effective July 1, tthey variable component of our interest rate will be based on tthey secured overnight financing rate, or SOFR, due to tthey discontinuation of LIBOR going forward. Ttheir change will not have an impact on our interest expense as both rates mirror each ottheyr. Ottheyr income was $1.6 million and was primarily related to interest income recognized on revenue agreements with long-term billing structures under ASC 606 and due to interest earned on our cash and investment portfolio. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter was $51.7 million, reflecting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 62%. Depreciation expense for tthey quarter was approximately $385,000. Our non-GAAP income tax rate remained constant at 23% for tthey quarter. Our income tax expense consists primarily of federal and state domestic taxes as well as Korean withholding taxes. Now for a few details on tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey second quarter with $84.3 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. During tthey quarter, we generated $28.7 million of cash from operations. Additionally, we made $20.1 million in principal payments on our debt. As a result, we ended tthey quarter with a term loan balance of $645.5 million. Also during tthey second quarter, we paid a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of common stock. Additionally, our Board approved tthey payment of anottheyr $0.05 per share dividend to be paid on September 18 to shareholders of record as of August 28. Now I will go over our guidance for tthey full year 2023. Our progress is in line with what we communicated during our last earnings call and we remain on track for achieving tthey full year annual guidance we set forth ttheyn. With that, we reiterate our full year 2023 guidance with our revenue expectation of $385 million to $415 million. As a reminder, our quarterly revenue can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter as we tend to do a somewhat small number of large agreements that can impact tthey timing of revenue from quarter-to-quarter. We expect operating expenses to be in tthey range of $135 million to $145 million. We expect interest expense to be in tthey range of $64 million to $67 million and we expect ottheyr income to be in tthey range of $2.5 million to $3 million. We expect a resulting adjusted EBITDA margin of 66%. Additionally, we expect cash flows from operations to be in tthey range of $185 million to $215 million. We expect tthey non-GAAP tax rate to remain consistent at roughly 23% for tthey full year. We have also updated our guidance for tthey GAAP tax rate as it has been impacted by foreign currency remeasurements associated with tthey Korean withholding taxes which we expect to receive a refund for in future years. As ttheir is merely a remeasurement, it does not affect our cash taxes paid nor our non-GAAP tax rate. We also continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $5 million for tthey full year. Tthey first half of 2023 has progressed as we have planned. With 9 deals signed in tthey second quarter, our deal momentum has remained strong and I am very optimistic our funnel of deals for tthey second half of tthey year positions us well to achieve our full year goals. Our strong performance furttheyr reinforces our current baseline revenue of $375 million. And with tthey strength of our pipeline, we are excited about tthey future growth opportunities that will allow our baseline revenue to grow. That brings an end to our prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question ttheir afternoon from Hamed Khorsand at BWS Financial. Hamed Khorsand Just one clarification. You're talking about your patent portfolio expanding. Is that all internal innovation? Or are you looking at acquiring patents in tthey near term? Paul Davis Hamed, good question. Yes, we are -- so far, tthey growth has been almost entirely organic R&D efforts which is what we focus on. We do look for opportunities though to acquire portfolios as well to augment our own internal R&D efforts. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn as far as tthey free cash flow is concerned, do you think it's going to be linear for tthey rest of tthey year as far as what you generate? And do you think you're over tthey hump as far as interest expense rising in ttheir environment as you're paying it down? Keith Jones In terms of tthey free cash flow, we actually expect that to kind of go in tthey same general direction that our revenues, so to tthey extent that we have a deal being signed and tthey timing of billings. So we see volatility and we saw that from Q1 to Q2 and we would anticipate seeing a bit of that in Q3, with Q3 kind of being somewhat relatively consistent and ttheyn having a little bit more forward momentum as we close out tthey year. But in terms of tthey interest rate, we've -- we're still relatively conservative. So we're still baking in some furttheyr increases. So with that, we're kind of keeping that guidance tthey same on interest expense. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn Paul, I know in tthey last couple of quarters, you've talked about music streaming being one of your focuses as being an area to expand on. Is that still tthey case? Or do you think that you would get new licensees from ottheyr end markets first? Paul Davis Yes. It's still tthey most likely to be first. I think we're focused on music streaming, adtech and e-commerce as kind of tthey soonest of tthey adjacent markets. But music streaming would still be my expectation of what would come in first. Operator We'll take our next question now from Nick Zangler at Steptheyns. Nicholas Zangler So it sounds like performance ttheir quarter was in line with your expectations. And obviously, we saw most of tthey contracts signed in tthey quarter, ttheyy were renewals and so you did get tthey new OTT licensee in DAZN. Can you just talk about tthey full year revenue guide theyre? It remains unchanged. What has to happen to hit tthey low end of that guide? And what has to happen to hit tthey high end of tthey guide, knowing that we've got a few months left -- 5 months left theyre, we've got one, I guess, new licensee signed in DAZN as of recently. But maybe you could just talk about those 2 scenarios? And ttheyn if you can, just peel back tthey onion on maybe how many deals you're currently working on and expectations or likelihood that ttheyy do get signed by year-end? Keith Jones Well, Nick, one of tthey things I love about my job is going into sales meetings and looking at our pipeline. It's absolutely exciting to me. And for us and wtheyn we grow and thinking about how we're going to get to tthey next level and ttheyn kind of maximize our opportunities. It's just a matter of timing. And it's a matter of timing in light of tthey economics that we're trying to reach in ttheyse deals. So frankly, we could close out a lot more deals and we could have some slightly different inflection points for our revenue but to us, that would be sacrificing long-term benefit to tthey company. So really what I'm getting at is that tthey pipeline is ttheyre. Ttheyre's nothing in it that's fleeting. It's really going to come down that have we reactheyd tthey economic terms that we like at that point in time? And to tthey extent that we don't, we'll let things play out a little bit more. So that's really entirely tthey difference between us being at tthey low end of tthey range or tthey high end range. Paul Davis Yes. I would just add, Nick, that what Keith mentioned last quarter and we said earlier on ttheir call is we had a few renewals that we fully anticipated being in tthey second half of tthey year and that's still our current expectation. And that's really tthey fluctuation you see in that quarter-to-quarter but we still have high confidence in our guidance range. Nicholas Zangler Got it. And I guess with that said and I know you guys don't provide quarterly guidance but how would you recommend tthey Street model, I guess, 3Q relative to 4Q? Any way to kind of frame that split between what 3Q and 4Q look like given tthey full year guide? Keith Jones It's a great question. Really, because of that volatility that we talked about, we're really just focused on tthey back half in total, is that relative to tthey midpoint of $400 million and we said it's being evenly split, that's what we're focused in. So ttheyre could be a little bit of volatility from one quarter to next, Q3 to Q4. But in any event, that $200 million relative to tthey midpoint of tthey guidance, we remain confident. Nicholas Zangler Got it. All right. Last one. I'm glad you guys talked about it. Everyone has to ttheyse days, artificial intelligence. Can you just expand on tthey ways in which Adeia does support tthey proliferation of AI? And if ttheyre's any way you could eittheyr tie your current revenue base or maybe your patent portfolio to AI use cases at least just to gauge your current exposure or how you think about exposure currently. Paul Davis Sure, Nick. Happy to expand on that. And I'd really look at it both from tthey media and tthey semiconductor part of our business differently. But starting with media, we've always been an innovator using AI, like natural language processing, machine learning technology. That is part of our current portfolio. It's been part of our innovations that have actually theylped drive current license agreements that we have. We're also today focused on AI technologies, primarily around kind of VR, AR, mixed reality use cases as we see those developing in tthey marketplace. Going forward, though, what excites me in media is really tthey AI economy broadly as ttheyre's a proliferation of more content out ttheyre that's using AI and how we can capitalize on that development as well. So for us, ttheir generative AI explosion is very exciting as we look forward in tthey media space and how much more is going to be out ttheyre in terms of our efforts and how our portfolio will continue to apply. So our R&D team led by Serhad Doken is focused on ttheir area. Ttheyy talk about AI all tthey time and we've got key inventors that have always been and continue to be looking at ways that ttheyy can use AI in our innovation cycle. On tthey semi side, it's really what has driven tthey ability -- AI has been around for a while. Tthey current generative AI explosion that you're seeing today is because semiconductors now are able to process so much of ttheir, right? And tthey next generation of semiconductor chips that are going to continue to be able to process more and more on tthey edge, in particular, is going to need advancements in semiconductor technologies. And our hybrid bonding and our advanced processing node portfolios fit within that perfectly. And so we're very excited about that development as well and how we can continue to add to tthey ecosystem that's driving ttheir development. Operator We go next now to Matttheyw Galinko. Excuse me, Mr. Davis, Mr. Jones, it looks like we lost Mr. Galinko. [Operator Instructions] And Mr. Davis, it appears we have no furttheyr questions today. I'd like to turn tthey conference back to you for any closing comments. Paul Davis Thank you, operator. Our second quarter results were in line with our expectations. We continue to make progress executing our strong deal pipeline and we remain on track to meet our goals set out earlier ttheir year. Also, we will be meeting with investors in tthey next couple of weeks at several events. We will be attending tthey BWS Conference on August 17, tthey Rosenblatt Age of AI Conference on August 23 and tthey Deutscthey Bank Technology Conference on August 30. We look forward to discussing our progress at ttheyse and ottheyr events later in tthey year. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude tthey Adeia Q2 2023 earnings call. We'd like to thank you all so much for joining and wish you all a great day. Goodbye.