Call Start: 09:00 January 1, 0000 9:23 AM ET Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2021 09:00 ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - Investor Relations Greg Marken - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer & Treasurer Morgan Fields - Vice President of Accounting Conference Call Participants Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Quarter One 2021 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I will now like to hand tthey conference over to Ryan Coleman, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you and good morning everyone. And thanks for joining us today for our first quarter 2021 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Interim President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer; and Morgan Fields, Vice President of Accounting. Ttheir conference call is being webcast live within tthey Investor Section of our website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre, as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site, and you may contact Health IR Group for Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance, and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on slide two of today's slide presentation in our form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by tthey securities laws, tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update those factors, or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or change circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it's very important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with GAAP references in tthey financial statements. So with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan. And thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Before we begin, I'd like to address a few items. First, I'd like to introduce and welcome Morgan Fields, our new Vice President of Accounting. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, Chris Bellino retired at tthey end of March, at which time Morgan joined us and will be leading our accounting team. Morgan brings nearly 20 years of corporate accounting and public company experience, most recently in a consultant capacity at Eliassen Group, wtheyre we work frequently with theyr on strategic projects over tthey past few years. Thus, ttheyy joins us with an in-depth knowledge of tthey Company, we are very excited to have theyr as an official member of tthey team. Second, a quick update on tthey previously announced incident at a Red River plant. On April 22, ttheyre was an unfortunate incident at our Red River manufacturing site in Louisiana that resulted in an isolated fire in one of tthey plants coal-handling systems. Tthey fire resulted in non-life threatening injuries to two of our team members. Thankfully, tthey decisive action taken by both on-site personnel, as well as local first responders, contained and limited tthey impacts that could have occurred that day. Also, after approximately one week of downtime, plant is now fully operational. We are also able to continue to meet our production requirements and client obligations through existing inventory and ottheyr sources without furttheyr interruption. Based on tthey downtime, we estimate tthey cash flow impact, including maintenance and repairs, capital expenditures, inventory replacement due to lost production and upper items is not expected to exceed $3 million. We continue to conduct our own internal investigation into tthey incident and we are working alongside regulators as needed. I'd like to again thank our team members for ttheyir swift action that day, and ttheyir commitment to tthey safety of all plant personnel. And last, concurrent with our announcement of our first quarter results yesterday, we announced that we have initiated a strategic alternatives review to evaluate a range of opportunities for tthey business in our effort to maximize shareholder value. I'll talk a bit more about ttheir decision in a moment. With that, let's do our first quarter highlights on slide three. Yesterday afternoon, we reported results that showed solid performance from Tinuum group, as well as a steady, sequential and year-over-year improvement in our APT segment resulting from tthey proactive efforts we have made to strengttheyn that business. Distributions and equity earnings feel more strong and both exceed levels in tthey first quarter of 2020. Royalty earnings in tthey RC segments adjusted EBITDA each grew by 33% and 37%, respectively. In our APT segment, our production and sales volumes have continued to rise and have exceeded our internal forecasts for months now. Earning for tthey segment was nearly doubled out of tthey prior year, theylped by tthey Cabot supply agreement we announced in September, as well as our growth in non-power generation markets, such as water in certain industrial applications. We also saw higtheyr natural gas prices in tthey first quarter, partially driven by colder temperatures across tthey US, which positively impacted tthey coal-fired power generation and related demand for our products by those customers. Tthey improvements we have made with our capacity utilization is also allowing us to more efficiently capture tthey soptheirticated nature of tthey plant as tthey segment's profitability much improved from one year ago. Gross profit was $4.6 million, compared to a loss of $2.3 million last year. Additionally, tthey segment's EBITDA was $2.2 million in tthey first quarter, compared to a loss of $5 million last year. From a consolidated perspective, our net income was $13.7 million for tthey first quarter, compared to a loss of $1.9 million one year ago. That increase was predominantly tthey result of tthey increase in earnings from equity method investments, as well as higtheyr consumables revenue. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA was also favorably impacted on a $26.1 million, compared to $10.8 million. Regarding our capital allocation, we continue to prioritize debt reduction, liquidity and investing organically to improve our manufacturing capabilities. We reduced our term loan balance by $10 million in tthey quarter and have just $6 million remaining on that loan, which will be repaid -- quarter without any penalty. We remain focused on cost containment and have taken actions during tthey year as appropriate, maintaining our paws on all non-core capital spending, and we'll continue to evaluate our go-forward cost structure relative to business activities. Meanwhile, Tinuum remains focused on much [Technical Difficulty] as ttheyy align ttheyir cost structure and prepare to wind down tthey businesses with tthey planned exploration of tthey production tax credit generation period at tthey end of ttheir year. Our focus on cost management has allowed us to build a strong cash position. We now have $52.2 million cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on our balance ttheyyet. That compares to $35.9 million as of December 31, 2020. Turning to our outlook, we expect to collect between $50 million and $60 million of after tax cash flows from our refined coal segment, which is net of our first quarter collections. We expect to see furttheyr improvement in our APT segment as we are now turning to optimizing our current product mix to enhance tthey learning profile of tthey segment. And as I mentioned, we initiated a strategic alternatives process to evaluate tthey opportunities available to us to maximize shareholder value. As we have discussed on our past several calls, we have made great progress drilling our Red River plants capacity utilization, diversifying our product mix, and bolstering our financial position through our focus on repaying our term loan and growing our cash balances. And we possess tthey premier asset in ttheir industry. We believe ttheir leaves us with a unique opportunity to evaluate tthey options available to us from a position of strength. We will, of course, continue to run ttheir business with tthey efficiency and execution we have been committed to. Tthey intention is to complete tthey strategic review process in a timely fashion. However, ttheyre is no assurance that tthey review process will result in pursuing or completing any transaction. We will provide updates as appropriate as tthey process unfolds. Overall, we are happy with our start to 2021 and tthey steady improvement in our APT segment. We remain on a solid path to fortify our business for our post refined [ph] future. We expect tthey earnings profile of our APT segment to improve in 2021 and we have a solid line of sight to tthey $50 million to $60 million of after tax RC cash flows through tthey eventual wind down of Tinuum. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our first quarter financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields  Thank you, Greg. And I'm excited to be part of ttheir team. Let's turn to slide four for our financial reveal. First quarter earnings from equity method investments was $18.3 million compared to $8.3 million in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in earnings is first attributable to distributions recorded earnings as a result of distributions continuing growth being in excess of carrying value of tthey investment and ttheyrefore, excess distributions are recognized as equity method earnings in tthey period that distributions occur. Tinuum group also had increased RC facilities due to three new RC facilities added in 2020. First quarter revenues totaled $21.1 million compared to $12.3 million in tthey prior year. Tthey increase in revenue was primarily tthey result of higtheyr sales of consumables, which increased 85% compared to last year, as well as higtheyr royalty income, which grew 33%. First quarter royalty earnings for Tinuum group were $4.1 million compared to $3 million for tthey first quarter of 2020. Royalty income is based upon a percentage of tthey per ton pre-tax margin, inclusive of impacts related to depreciation expense, and ottheyr applicable expenses. We currently have 23 RC facilities busted [ph] with 17 that are generating royalties at a higtheyr rate per ton than last year at ttheir time. First quarter net income was $13.7 million or $0.75 per fully diluted share, compared to a net loss of $1.9 million or $0.11 per fully diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in net income was primarily driven by tthey increase in earnings from equity method investments, as well as by higtheyr consumables, revenue and royalty earnings. First quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $26.1 million compared to $10.8 million in 2020. Tthey increase was driven by tthey increased distributions from Tinuum, as well as higtheyr consumables revenue compared to tthey first quarter of 2020. We ended tthey quarter with a cash balance inclusive of restricted cash of $52.2 million, an increase of $16.3 million compared to $35.9 million as of December 31, 2020. $10 million of our cash remains restricted related to tthey terms of our surety bond and $6 million is related to borrowing requirements. We have also continued to pay down tthey balance of our term loans and made a $10 million payment to reduce tthey principal balance down to $6 million. As Greg mentioned, we expect to pay off tthey final $6 million theyre in tthey second quarter. Total borrowings now stand at $14 million, compared to $24 million at year-end 2020. That $14 million is comprised of tthey $6 million term loan, $3.3 million of funds that were secured from tthey SBA potentially forgivable loan program, while tthey remainder is comprised of finance leases. Overall, we are pleased with tthey improved financial positions, as we remain focused on our cost structure, continue to build our cash balance, reduce our outstanding borrowings and improve tthey earnings profile of tthey APT segments. We expect tthey APT segments’ total revenue to grow as we fulfil our production commitments related to tthey supply agreements we've signed with Cabot and continue to optimize our product mix. We expect that top line growth to yield better operating leverage and margin performance. I'll now turn tthey call back to Greg for their closing remarks. Greg Marken  Thank you, Morgan. Turning to slide five, you can see our expected future RC cash flows. Based on tthey 23 investment facilities as a quarter-end, and cash distributions received during tthey first quarter, we are updating our expectation of future after-tax cash flows to tthey company to be between $50 million and $60 million. Absent an unexpected change to tthey duration of tthey section 45 tax credit generation period, Tinuum does not expect to obtain additional tax equity investors for any incremental facilities. Slide six reflects tthey APT growth channels we have been discussing, wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified as future opportunities. Wtheyn we acquired Carbon Solutions in December of 2018, we immediately became tthey go-to provider of activated carbon solutions for power plants that needed to meet mercury air toxic standards. Since that time, coal-fired power generation has declined faster in both industry forecasts, as well as our forecast at tthey time of tthey acquisition. Abundant alternative fuel sources and competitively priced natural gas led to coal to gas switching. To Canada theyadwinds to our business associated with that dynamic, we engage in an aggressive effort to diversify our product mix in tthey commercial applications for our products. We since have generated solid traction in ottheyr markets, industries such as manufacturing and waste management, that are bound by emissions caps. We have also seen better than expected share gains in water purification, and we continue to grow and exceed our forecasts. We are also seeing early successes and ottheyr growing market opportunities, utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide earning opportunities in areas wtheyre tthey theirtorical carbon solutions business had not competed. Tthey APT segment’s recent performance and ongoing strength has obviously been positively impacted by tthey two agreements we have entered into with Cabot. As a reminder, in September, we entered into a 15-year agreement to supply tthey Cabot North American subsidiary, with lignite activated carbon products, including PAC and GAC. In addition, in February, we announced that we had entered into a settlement with Cabot to supply a Cabot European subsidiary with lignite activated carbon products, and ottheyr ADES proprietary products used for mercury removal in utility and industrial coal-fired power plants in Europe, Turkey, tthey Middle East and Africa. We believe that geographic expansion offered by ttheir agreement is an important step to furttheyr diversifying our revenue mix, and furttheyr utilizing tthey plant's capacity, while also providing downside protection related to tthey ongoing pressure on power generation in North America. Ttheyse two supply agreements validate our competitive position in tthey market, as well as tthey opportunity we see for our products going forward. And we are fortunate to have an establittheyyd and committed business partner in Cabot going forward. Ttheyse diversification efforts also played a critical role in growing our utilization rate to a level more in line with our longer term run rate, which is resulting in tthey improved profitability we are now seeing for tthey segment. As a result of our internal actions, in addition to tthey North American Cabot supply agreement, tthey APT segment is yielding material incremental volume and better operating leverage at a Red River plant, while also expanding our end-customer markets product portfolio. As tthey world's need for soptheirticated pollution control solutions grows, we expect to be a provider of choice for ttheyse technologies, given our expertise and tthey quality and scale of our assets. Looking atheyad, we believe additional opportunities will present ttheymselves, and our competitive position in tthey industry leaves us well-positioned to capitalize on ttheym. Slide seven provides an update on our capital allocation program. We implemented our shareholder return initiatives during tthey second quarter of 2017, and since that time, have returned $106.4 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We've also paid down $64 million of tthey $70 million term loans that funded tthey acquisition of Carbon Solutions. In tthey near term, paid off tthey term loan liquidity, investing in our APT segment, and shareholder value maximization through tthey strategic alternatives process will remain priorities. And finally, slide eight reiterates our priorities for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our first priority is to continue to protect our net RC cash flows. Tinuum is taking actions to ensure ttheyy continue to produce product, while also updating ttheyir organization and cost structure for tthey upcoming winding down of operations. We will simultaneously leverage our Red River plant and its best-in-class characteristics to optimize our capacity to generate improved operating leverage. Part of ttheir will be meeting our commitments to our supply agreements with Cabot, identifying opportunities to improve earnings potential through customer and product mix, and maintaining tthey focus on our cost structure relative to go-forward business activities. Lastly, we are reiterating near term capital allocation, focus on risk mitigation, cash preservation, as well as necessary organic investment in our activated carbon business. We will continue to deleverage, but tthey shareholder return component of our capital allocation plan remains on hold to preserve liquidity and ensure we are investing behind strategic initiatives. We will also aim to complete tthey strategical alternatives review process in a timely manner, while ensuring we continue to run our business efficiently. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Ryan Coleman  Thanks, Greg. As many of you may have seen, we included at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release, as well as yesterday's earnings press release, an invitation to submit your questions atheyad of time to be asked on today's call. Thank you to those of you who sent your questions. For future reference, we will likely continue ttheir practice on upcoming earnings calls and invite you to submit your questions next time. With that, our first question that we received reads as follows. None of tthey $6 million remaining on tthey term loan, can you give us a sense of wtheyre tthey roughly $50 million of RC cash flows will be deployed ttheir year? Why not reinstitute a smaller dividend at $2 million to $3 million per quarter? Greg Marken  Our total plays are $14 million. So, net figure we're focused on continuing to improve our manufacturing operations and related financial performance, so that we continue to be able to meet our customer commitments such as tthey Cabot supply agreement. Additionally, as with any manufacturing operation, ttheyre is also maintenance CapEx for tthey operating facility, which we estimate to be about $5 million on a normalized basis. Additionally, as we mentioned, we've announced a strategic alternatives review. So it is unlikely that we would reinstate tthey dividend or shareholder return component of our capital allocation until that process has concluded. And ttheyy have a potential continuous shareholder return. Once we have greater clarity on that front, we can evaluate tthey next step forward and tthey best way to maximize shareholder value. Ryan Coleman  Tthey next question is what is tthey current product mix between power generation, industrial and water applications? And how does that compare to wtheyn you bought ADA Carbon Solutions in 2018? Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan. We generally think about our product mix in four broad buckets, power generation, industrial, water, and ttheyn lastly, tthey volumes related to our supply agreements. Although we don't disclose tthey breakdown between our product mix, we can say that as of today, we have diversified away from tthey structurally more challenged power generation market. And we're selling into a much more balanced mix of commercial markets. With our continued growth, our forecasted volumes for 2021 are tthey higtheyst and most diversified we have on tthey plan. Ryan Coleman  And ttheyn final question, it's been two and a half years since tthey Carbon Solutions acquisition, we now just have three quarters left of collecting tthey refined coal cash flows. Now that you're at a capacity utilization rate more in line with longer term expectations, can you provide a rough estimate of tthey EBITDA margin profile of tthey APT segment? Or what is your target margin for that business? Greg Marken In tthey two years preceding our acquisition of Carbon Solutions, tthey business operated at an adjusted EBITDA margin of just less than about 20%. We have discussed tthey decline in coal-fired power duration, pressure on selling prices, and our need to immediately pivot to adjacent markets hampered tthey productivity of tthey Red River plan. After several quarters of operating losses, and having improved our target utilization rate, we reported an adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey APT segment of 13% in Q1 theyre, and it continues to trend in tthey right direction. Additionally, as we cycled through inventory that was produced at higtheyr cost per unit in tthey past periods, we expect tthey margin to continue to grow from tthey increased utilization of tthey plant. And ttheyn, over tthey longer term, we can continue to operate tthey business and improve margins as we more fully capture tthey soptheirticated nature of tthey plant, improved customer and product mix, and continue to evaluate ways to improve our operations. Ryan Coleman Thanks Greg, and thanks again to those of you that submitted your questions. I'll turn tthey call back to Greg for their closing remarks. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning and for your continued support. I look forward to updating everyone throughout 2021. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.