Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Greg Marken - President, Chief Executive Officer & Treasurer Morgan Fields - Chief Accounting Officer Ryan Coleman - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Ryan Coleman, Investor Relations. Sir please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2021 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, who per tthey 8-K filed yesterday afternoon is now Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, our Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir conference call is being webcasted live within tthey Investor Section of tthey website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on tthey site and you can contact Health IR through Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today includes forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual and future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, tthey factors identified on slide two of today's slide presentation in our form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or change circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is very important to review today's presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Yesterday, after tthey close of markets, we reported our third quarter results, which are highlighted on Slide 3. Overall, our results were significantly improved over last year, and in line or atheyad of our expectations going into tthey third quarter. Distributions from Tinuum remain strong as we approach tthey end of tthey tax credit generation period. And our APT segment delivered record quarterly revenue and strong gross margins. Tinuum distributions to ADES totaled $22.9 million for tthey quarter, compared to $9.7 million in Q3 of 2020. Royalty earnings from Tinuum group also increased and were $4.2 million compared to $3.6 million in tthey prior year. In addition, both quarterly RC segment operating income and adjusted EBITDA more than doubled compared to tthey prior year. Similar to what we saw in tthey second quarter, tthey increased number of investment facilities as well as higtheyr prices for alternative fuel sources such as natural gas have supported high demand for tthey RC customers. Of note we had six RC facilities reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir sctheyduled expiration of ttheyir 10 year tax credit generation period. We now have 16 operational facilities, all of which will reach ttheyir expiration date for generating tax credits no later than December 31. Our APT segment also benefited from higtheyr natural gas prices and tthey year-over-year impact of tthey Cabot supply agreement, which contributed to a record quarter as revenue grew 56% compared to last year. Tthey segment's operating income was $4.6 million, compared to an operating loss of $3.3 million in 2020. Segment adjusted EBITDA was $4.2 million, compared to a loss of $1.6 million in tthey prior year. Tthey segment also demonstrated tthey intheyrent operating leverage it possesses as strong volumes drove our gross margins to 27% compared to 5% in 2020. It is important to keep in mind that Q3 is seasonally one of our strongest quarters. However, we do expect demand to remain strong due to high natural gas pricing, as well as tthey impact of colder months in tthey latter portion of Q4. Due to inventory tightness, we continue to supplement our inventory through external sources in order to meet high customer demand. Ttheir means that our segment margins while better than tthey prior quarter, remain pressured by tthey higtheyr cost per unit we are currently experiencing. We expect ttheyse pressures to persist well into 2022 despite that, we have proven our ability to navigate ttheyse tight supply conditions and expect high demand levels along with ongoing improvements to customer and product mix to theylp alleviate ttheyse cost pressures. Although strong volumes are being driven by power generation customers, we also have experienced strong demand from industrial and water applications. We maintain a solid bid pipeline with potential customers in ttheyse markets, as ttheyy are important diversifying factors within our APT strategy. Our price increase initiatives for activated carbon products are progressing well. Of course, it takes time to step up pricing for an entire portfolio of product. But we are encouraged by our ability to negotiate better terms since our announcement earlier ttheir year, and we are seeing our ASP improve accordingly. We also continue to make steady progress in developing new activated carbon products and technologies through our partnership with Cascade Environmental for tthey soil and groundwater remediation market. We are pleased with testing results achieved to-date and are excited about tthey potential of ttheir emerging product offering. Consolidated net income was $24.3 million for tthey quarter, or $1.31 per diluted share, compared to $5 or $0.27 per share in 2020. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA was significantly higtheyr at $28.5 million, compared to $8.7 million for Q3 of 2020. We continue to maintain a very strong balance ttheyyet. Our cash balances including restricted cash totaled $82.1 million at tthey end of tthey quarter, an increase of $46.2 million compared to December 31, 2020. From a capital allocation perspective, our number one priority remains tthey organic investment in our manufacturing assets to meet customer demand and ensuring that we are able to source sufficient inventory to serve our customers. We are updating our projected after tax cash flows from tthey RC segment to be between $12 million and $14 million with $8.5 million to be received during tthey fourth quarter. We expect tthey additional cash flows to be disbursed to us during tthey first half of 2022 wtheyn Tinuum ultimately completes its wind down process. That cash flow guidance is inclusive of tthey associated wind down costs from Tinuum. I'd also like to state that many of ttheyse RC facilities will likely remain in place after tthey year end expiration date for tthey tax credit generation period. Ttheyse facilities or ottheyr application facilities can be utilized to apply tthey front end ctheymistry of feedstock coal as utilities currently leveraging tthey production tax credits will need to pivot to anottheyr method of meeting requisite emissions control standards. Some of ttheyse utilities will likely purchase our frontend technology or activated carbon instead, which will theylp replace a portion of tthey RC cash flows from Tinuum distributions that are going away. As I mentioned, we expect our APT segments top line to remain very strong. Our margins are expected to remain under pressure due to tight inventory conditions as well as broader supply chain challenges that are putting upward pressure on tthey costs related to transportation and freight as well as ottheyr product inputs that may be necessary. We will seek to offset ttheyse pressures through continued price increases and product mix optimization. Lastly, as it relates to our strategic review, we are pleased with ongoing progress to evaluate tthey opportunities available to us to maximize shareholder value. As a reminder, we have no timetable for tthey conclusion of ttheir process. And we will provide updates wtheyn appropriate. In tthey meantime, we remain focused on continuing to improve tthey operating profile of our APT assets. With that I'll turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our third quarter financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 shows a snapshot of our third quarter and year-to-date financial performance. Third quarter earnings from equity method investments were $22.2 million compared to $9.5 million for tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in earnings as a result of distributions from Tinuum group being in excess of tthey carrying value of tthey investment and ttheyrefore excess distributions are recognized as equity method earnings in tthey period in which tthey distributions occur. In addition, Tinuum group had a higtheyr number of RC facilities for majority of tthey current year due to three new RC facilities added during 2020. Third quarter revenues and cost of revenues were $28.9 million and $18 million respectively, compared to $19.5 million and $15 million for tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in revenue was primarily tthey result of higtheyr sales of consumables as well as higtheyr royalty income. Third quarter net income was $24.3 million or $1.31 per diluted share, compared to $5 million or $0.27 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was driven by higtheyr earnings from equity method investments, as well as higtheyr volumes and improved margins within tthey APT segment. Third quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $28.5 million, compared to $8.7 million for 2020. Tthey increase in adjusted EBITDA was driven by tthey increase in distributions from Tinuum as well as higtheyr consumables revenue at more favorable margins. Our cash balance, including restricted cash totaled $82.1 million, an increase of $46.2 million compared to December 31, 2020. Tthey restricted cash stems from our surety bond and tthey requirement to post collateral of $10 million for tthey obligations due under tthey reclamation contract related to tthey mine in Marshall, Texas. With tthey full repayment of our term loan last quarter, tthey company's only debt outstanding, our finance lease obligations, totaling approximately $4.4 million as of quarter end. Through tthey first nine months of tthey year, capital expenditures totaled $5.4 million, compared to $4.9 million in 2020. Our total obligations related to reclamation activities for tthey Marshall and Five Forks mines currently stand at $12.9 million. However, we also possess an offsetting receivable from Cabot for future reclamation reimbursements, which has a present value of $9 million at quarter end. During tthey quarter we received formal notice that our PPP loan was forgiven. Ttheir is presented as a $3.3 million gain on tthey extinguishment of debt in our financial statements for tthey forgiveness of both tthey debt and tthey accrued interest. Third quarter ottheyr operating expenses was $7.6 million compared to $7.3 million in tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily driven by higtheyr payroll expense and higtheyr depreciation and amortization, partially offset by lower legal and professional fees, as well as lower general and administrative costs. To reiterate, we do not expect a significant reduction in our run rate operating expenses upon tthey wind down of tthey RC business as that business is run by a separate management team. And we had previously reduced resources that were specific to Tinuum over tthey past couple of years. Given tthey visibility of tthey year end date of tthey expiration of tthey production tax credit Tinuum has already taken tthey necessary steps to right size ttheyir cost structure over tthey past several quarters and our estimates of future RC cash flows include tthey impact of those actions. Overall, our capital allocation approach will remain unchanged. We expect to continue to focus on near term liquidity, ensuring that our manufacturing capabilities and manufacturing shareholder value. Our RC segment will deliver between $12 million and $14 million, with $8.5 million being received in tthey fourth quarter, and tthey remaining received in tthey first half of next year. We expect our top line performance in our APT segment to remain strong as we manage inventory tightness to protect our margins. I'll now turn tthey call back to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you Morgan. Turning to slide 5, you can see our expected future RC cash flows. During tthey third quarter six invested RC facilities reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir sctheyduled expiration of ttheyir 10 year tax credit generation life. As such Tinuum now has tthey 16 invested RC facilities that we have just discussed in tthey updated cash flow guidance. As we discussed earlier, tthey remaining 16 invested facilities tax credit generation periods are sctheyduled to expire by tthey end of ttheir year. As I mentioned some of tthey expired facilities will likely remain in place utility customers to apply our front end technologies to assist ttheym in meeting emissions control requirements. As such, we expect ttheyre to be a small but stable revenue opportunity from ttheyse customers after tthey wind down of Tinuum. Of tthey previously invested facilities that have reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period we are also seeing some transitioning to our front end ctheymical technology. We believe our front end technologies and our activated carbon products offer viable and sustainable options for ttheyse utilities bound by Mercury Air Toxic Standards. Slide 6 reflects tthey APT segment growth channels that we have been discussing wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified future opportunities. We're approaching three years since our acquisition of carbon solutions in December of 2018. At that time, we immediately became tthey go to provider of activated carbon solutions for coal fired power plants that needed to adtheyre to Mercury Air Toxic Standards. Since that time, coal fired power generation in general has declined faster than forecast predicted, largely driven by abundant and competitively priced natural gas. Today, we possess a much more diversified commercial in market mix after considerable time and effort building out our internal sales team and conducting product tests with tthey new potential customers in tthey water industrial channels. Well, ttheir year has marked a significant rebound in tthey power generation market as alternative fuel source pricing has provided tailwinds to coal fire dispatch, we continue to build upon our progress in ttheyse adjacent markets; industries such as manufacturing and waste management, that are also subject to emissions restrictions. We're also continuing to see strong customer interest in ottheyr growing market opportunities utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide opportunities in areas wtheyre tthey legacy carbon solutions business had not competed. We remain on track to begin several site field demonstrations for ttheyse new products by tthey end of tthey year. As a result of our internal actions in addition to our supply agreements with Cabot, tthey APT segment is yielding substantially better volumes and operating leverage, while also expanding our commercial end markets to create a more balanced mix of applications. We continue to see increased demand within ttheyse end market applications we are supporting, which is also contributing to high plant utilization rates on a go forward basis. Our supply and inventory situation remains tight as high levels of demand have persisted and are expected to remain for tthey foreseeable future. Tthey requirements base provisions of many of our contracts with customers provide significant benefits. Ttheyse contracts make us an exclusive provider of activated carbon products to each of our customers. However, it simultaneously means that wtheyn demand rises, we must fulfill that incremental demand. Ttheir coupled with tthey sctheyduled turnaround activity in Q2 of 2021, as well as tthey plants incident in April have created tight inventory conditions. With ttheir as a backdrop, as well as much higtheyr natural gas prices leading to gas to coal switching, ttheyre continues to be pressure on our inventory levels and meeting customer demand, requiring us to procure inventory from third parties. We are actively managing our product mix to optimize production at tthey Red River Plant. And we have instituted price increases on activated carbon products wtheyre we are able. Ttheyse actions are theylping to mitigate tthey cost pressures we are seeing, but also constrained tthey full earnings potential of tthey segment. While we expect ttheyse conditions to persist well into 2022, tthey best in class nature of our assets allows us to manage ttheyse conditions better than most producers. We expect to be a leading provider of choice for ttheyse activated carbon technologies and believe our strong financial position and assets leave us well-positioned going forward. And finally, slide 7 reiterates our priorities for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our first priority is to continue to protect our net RC cash flows and optimize tthey remaining cash flows we expect between today and 10 years line down. We will continue to leverage our vertically integrated APT segment and its best in class Red River plans to optimize our product mix to generate improved operating leverage. While near term margin pressures will persist we are focused on fulfilling our agreements with customers, identifying opportunities to improve earnings potential through customer and product mix and maintaining tthey focus on our cost structure relative to go forward business activities. Lastly, we are reiterating our near term capital allocation focused on cash preservation as well as necessary organic investment in our activated carbon business as we approach tthey end of tthey RC business and progress through our strategic review. We aim to complete tthey strategic alternatives review process in a timely manner, while ensuring we continue to run our business efficiently. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session A - Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg. As many of you have seen similar to past quarters, we included invitation to submit questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release as well as yesterday afternoon’s earnings press release. Thanks for those of you who continue to send your questions. We'll continue ttheir practice going forward and we invite you to submit your questions atheyad of future calls as well. Tthey first question we received is ttheyre anything in tthey currently proposed bill back better legislation that could eittheyr extend tthey life of tthey Tinuum business or benefit tthey carbon solutions business. Greg Marken Ryan, ttheyre is currently nothing in tthey bill back better bill that relates to extending tthey life of tthey refined coal production tax credits. While it's difficult to predict outcomes in D.C., we in Tinuum consider such an extension unlikely. Also tthey window for Tinuum to continue even a portion of its operation is closing. Tinuum closed multiple units during Q3 and continues down that path in Q4 as ttheyy are planning for tthey end of that business. As it relates to our APT segments, ttheyre are multiple sections related to tthey recently passed bipartisan infrastructure bill and ADES could possibly qualify for certain of ttheyse provisions included in that bill. However, actual funding and probability of qualifying is unknown. So we can't truly predict any benefit are tailwind at ttheir point. Ryan Coleman Tthey second question was last quarter your commentary identified that tthey margin theyadwinds in tthey AAPT segment would persist into 2022. But ttheir quarter that is changed to well into 2022. What has changed? Greg Marken Tthey primary driver continues to be higtheyr natural gas prices. It's clear as we move into tthey colder months, that high natural gas prices are not likely to subside anytime soon, at least not to a level that would lead to call tthey gas switching. As a result, we expect demand to remain high and for our top line to be very strong, which is going to require us to continue to source inventory from third parties. Tthey ottheyr factor is tthey broader inflationary pressures we are seeing across tthey economy in general, from transportation and freight costs, commodity prices and input prices for certain additives that we use. We are certainly not immune to those price pressures, which do not seem to be easing. So those will create a bit of theyadwind as well. Ryan Coleman And our last question that we received, are you able to quantify tthey revenue opportunity from switching current RC customers to utilizing activated carbon and ottheyr of your front end technologies to meet emissions regulations? Greg Marken It's difficult to quantify at ttheir stage because it will be highly dependent on tthey individual utility and tthey technology that ttheyy choose to adopt. It also depends on wtheyttheyr we have tthey capacity to serve those customers. Thus, it is still too early to identify an annualized run rate revenue opportunity at ttheir point. However, we know that our front end technology combined with our activated carbon technologies are a competitive and viable solution, especially in a post defined coal world. So we intend to provide ttheir option for customers going forward. Operator Thanks, Greg. And thanks again to everyone that submitted questions. I'll turn tthey call back over to Greg for closing remarks. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning. And for your continued support. We look forward to updating everyone next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.