Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Representatives Greg Marken - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer Morgan Fields - President of Accounting Ryan Coleman - Investor Relations Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please be advised that today’s conference is bring recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Ryan Coleman, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter 2021 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Interim President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer; and Morgan Fields, tthey President of Accounting. Ttheir conference call is being webcast live in tthey Investor Section of our website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre, as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site, and you may contact Health IR Group for Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on slide two of today's slide presentation in our form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or change circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is very important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Yesterday, after tthey close of markets, we reported our second quarter results, which are highlighted on Slide 3. Our Refined Coal segment delivered anottheyr strong quarter of distributions, which were 34% higtheyr than tthey prior year. Royalty earnings were also higtheyr and tthey segment's operating income was more than double tthey prior year period. Tthey segment's adjusted EBITDA improved over tthey second quarter of 2020 by 33%. Tthey Refined Coal segment’s strong results are largely being driven by tthey increase in invested RC facilities year-over-year, as well as tthey warmer than normal summer season across much of tthey U.S., coupled with tthey continued higtheyr natural gas prices. In our APT segment, our sales volumes have continued to rise and have exceeded our internal forecast for several months in a row. Revenue for tthey segment was roughly twice that of tthey prior year, driven by tthey realization of tthey Cabot supply agreement we announced in September of last year, as well as growth in non-power generation markets such as water and certain industrial applications. However, most of tthey outperformance compared to our expectations during tthey second quarter was driven by our power generation customers who have been and continue to be affected by high natural gas prices and warmer weattheyr, both of which positively impact our product demand and results in tthey APT segment. In addition, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge and reaffirm our commitment to continuing to diversify and grow tthey business, to reduce our exposure to tthey longer-term uncertainty related to coal-fired power generation in North America. Through tthey first half of tthey year, our team has worked closely with an industry-leading channel partner within tthey growing soil and groundwater remediation market. I am pleased to share that our team has developed new activated carbon technologies, which we believe will allow us to differentiate our participation. We look forward to sharing more details regarding ttheir growth initiative as we work closely with our channel partner to accelerate field demonstration of advanced product prototypes later ttheir year. Our gross profit for tthey APT segment in tthey quarter was $2.7 million, despite tthey plant turnaround and tthey impacts of tthey plant incident, compared to just $0.8 million last year, which was not impacted by our plant turnaround. Ttheyse results and tthey strong gross margin improvement relative to revenue growth demonstrate tthey intheyrent operating leverage of our business and our highly soptheirticated plant and vertically integrated operations. Tthey incremental volumes we have achieved to date have driven our capacity utilization to a level much more in line with our long-term expectation and tthey results has improved profitability. We anticipate plant utilization to remain strong as we continue to support increased demand through tthey balance of tthey year. Tthey segment's adjusted EBITDA totaled $0.3 million compared to a loss of $2.3 million in tthey prior year. Now, let me provide a quick update on tthey previously announced incident at our Red River plant. As we stated last quarter, tthey plant realized approximately one week of downtime, but was quickly back up and fully operational. We were able to continue to meet our customer demand through existing inventory and ottheyr sources without furttheyr interruption. Ultimately, tthey direct cash flow impact of tthey incident, including maintenance and repairs, capital expenditures, inventory replacement and ottheyr items was consistent with our expectation that it would not exceed $3 million. Those extra costs did create tthey margin compression in tthey second quarter relative to tthey prior period, despite very strong volumes. In addition, because we were forced to procure inventory through alternative sources during that downtime, our cost per pound to produce was higtheyr than tthey prior quarter. At ttheir time, we expect ttheyse impacts to create some margin pressure through tthey remainder of tthey year, as we cycle through tthey higtheyr cost per pound inventory and continue to purchase inventory to supplement production due to tthey significant increases in demand we have seen from tthey Power Generation segment. That said, customer orders and total volumes have been incredibly strong over tthey past several months, and we are very pleased with both tthey segment’s improved performance as well as its future prospects. We continue to expect improvement relative to last year. We achieved consolidated net income of $16.6 million in tthey quarter or $0.90 per fully diluted share and adjusted EBITDA of $21.2 million, both were significantly better than last year. And as we announced in June, we paid off tthey remaining balance of our three-year term loan used to fund tthey acquisition of Carbon Solutions prior to its stated maturity. Also, as we disclosed in late July, we received notice that tthey $3.3 million PPP loans we received in 2020 has been forgiven. As a result, aside from equipment and facility leases, we are debt-free and continue to build a strong cash position. We will continue to prioritize organic investment in our manufacturing capabilities to ensure that we meet customer demand. We will also continue to prioritize our near-term liquidity position as we work through both ttheyse sctheydule and our RC segment, and our strategic alternatives review. Tinuum continues to align ttheyir cost structure to prepare for tthey planned expiration of tthey production tax credit generation period at tthey end of tthey year. Turning to our outlook. After cash distributions received in tthey second quarter, we are updating our forecast for after tax cash flows from Tinuum to be between $30 million and $40 million. We remain focused on improving tthey profitability of our APT segment and expect our efforts over tthey last several quarters to yield improvements on that front. We are optimizing our current product mix to enhance tthey earnings profile of tthey segment, as well as instituting price increases for all of our activated carbon products to both drive better earning performance, as well as to offset inflationary pressures. And lastly, we are progressing in our strategic alternatives review to evaluate tthey opportunities available to us to maximize shareholder value. As we have discussed during our past several calls, we have made great progress in growing our Red River plant’s capacity utilization, diversifying our product mix into water and industrial applications, bolstering our financial position through our focus on repaying our term loan, and growing our cash balances. We believe ttheir provides us with a unique opportunity to evaluate tthey options available to us from a position of strength. Overall, we have been pleased with tthey nature of tthey discussions up to ttheir point, and we will provide updates as appropriate as tthey process unfolds. At present, ttheyre's is no timetable for tthey completion of that process. Overall, we are happy with our financial performance for tthey first half of tthey year. Our RC segment is delivering strong equity earnings and distributions. Our APT segment is operating tthey best path since we purchased tthey assets, customer demand remains high, we continue to build cash and we are in a strong financial position going forward. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our second quarter financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 shows a snapshot of our second quarter financial performance. Second quarter earnings from equity method investments were $21.4 million compared to $8.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in earnings is mainly attributable to distributions recorded into earnings as a result of cumulative distributions from Tinuum Group, exceeding tthey carrying value of tthey investment. As a result, excess distributions are recognized as equity method earnings in tthey period in which tthey distributions occur. Tinuum Group has also increased distributions due to tthey three new RC facilities added in 2020. Second quarter revenues and cost of revenues were $19.6 million and $13.3 million, respectively, compared to $11.5 million and $7.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in revenue was primarily tthey result of higtheyr sales of consumables, as well as higtheyr royalty income. Second quarter royalty earnings from Tinuum Group were $3.7 million compared to $3.3 million for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily a result of tthey greater number of invested royalty bearing facilities compared to tthey prior year. Royalty income is based upon a percentage of tthey per ton pre-tax margin, inclusive of impacts related to depreciation expense and ottheyr allocable expenses. As of June 30, 2021, Tinuum had 22 RC invested facilities with 18 that are generating royalties. Second quarter net income was $16.6 million or $0.90 per fully diluted share compared to a net loss of $23.8 million or a loss of $1.32 per share for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey net loss in tthey second quarter of tthey prior year resulted from a pretax, non-cash impairment charge of $26.1 million related to our APT assets. Second quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $21.2 million compared to $12.2 million in 2020. Tthey increase in adjusted EBITDA was driven by tthey increase in distribution from Tinuum, as well as higtheyr consumable earnings compared to tthey second quarter of 2020. We ended tthey second quarter with a cash balance, including restricted cash totaling $57.3 million, an increase of $21.4 million compared to $35.9 million as of December 31, 2020. Of note, $10 million of cash remains restricted related to tthey terms of our surety bonds, pertaining to tthey reclamation activities at Marshall Mine. Also, as Greg mentioned, in June, we announced that we fully repaid our three-year term loan prior to its stated maturity. As of June 30, 2021, tthey total borrowing stood at $8 million, which was mainly comprised of finance leases and tthey PPP loans, which was subsequently forgiven in tthey third quarter. Thus, subsequent to tthey forgiveness, our outstanding borrowings would be $5 million compared to total borrowings of $24 million at tthey end of tthey year 2020. Second quarter ottheyr operating expenses was $5.9 million compared to $35.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. As mentioned earlier, tthey prior year period includes a pre-tax non-cash impairment expense of $26.1 million. Excluding ttheir impairment expense, ottheyr operating expenses totaled $9 million for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey decrease is primarily driven by a decline in payroll expenses, as well as lower general and administrative expenses. As a reminder, we do not expect a significant reduction in our run rate operating expenses upon tthey wind down of tthey RC business, as that business is run by a separate management team and we have already reduced resources that were specific to Tinuum over tthey past couple of years. Given tthey visibility of tthey year-end date for tthey expiration of tthey production tax credit, Tinuum has already taken tthey necessary steps to right size ttheyir cost structure over tthey past several quarters. Overall, our capital allocation approach will remain unchanged. We expect to continue to focus on near-term liquidity, ensuring our manufacturing capabilities and maximizing shareholder value. Our RC segment will deliver anottheyr $30 million to $40 million of cash flows and we expect our top line performance in our APT segment to remain strong. Now, I'll turn tthey call back to Greg for their closing remarks. Greg Marken Thank you, Morgan. Turning to Slide 5, you can see tthey expected future RC cash flows. During tthey second quarter, one invested RC facility reactheyd tthey end of its sctheyduled expiration of its 10 year tax credit life. As such, we now have 22 invested RC facilities. Absent and unexpected change in tthey duration of tthey Section 45 Tax Credit Generation period, Tinuum does not expect to obtain additional tax equity investors for any incremental facilities and tthey remaining facilities tax credit generation periods will expire by tthey end of tthey year. Slide 6 reflects tthey APT segment growth channels we have been discussing, wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified as future opportunities. Wtheyn we acquired Carbon Solutions in December of 2018, we immediately became tthey go-to provider of Activated Carbon Solutions for power plants that needed to meet mercury air toxic standards. We already had existing relationships with many of those power plans and we knew that we had tthey opportunity to sell tthey suite of emissions control technologies into those relationships, even more so wtheyn refined coal rolled off. During that time, coal fired power generation declined faster than both industry forecast as well as our forecast at tthey time of tthey acquisition had predicted. Abundant alternative renewable energy sources and competitively priced natural gas led to power generation facility switching from coal to natural gas. Thus, we were forced to pivot and diversify tthey mix of end markets we were selling into sooner than we had anticipated. We have spent considerable time and effort building out our internal sales team, conducting product tests with new potential customers in tthey water and industrial channels. However, ttheir year we have seen a significant rebound in tthey power generation market as alternative fuel source pricing has provided tailwinds to coal-fired dispatch, thus driving demand for our products. As we pivoted during 2019 and beyond, we have generated significant traction in ottheyr markets; industries such as manufacturing and waste management that are also subject to emissions, restrictions. We have also seen better than expected share gains and water purification and continue to grow and exceed our forecast in that area. We are also seeing early successes in ottheyr drilling market opportunities, utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide earnings opportunities in areas wtheyre tthey theirtorical Carbon Solutions business has not competed. I remain encouraged by our progress within tthey remediation market segment and look forward to tthey completion of several site field demonstrations by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey APT segment's recent performance and ongoing strength has obviously been positively impacted by tthey two supply agreements we entered into with Cabot. Tthey 15 year agreement to supply Cabot North American subsidiary with lignite activated carbon products has theylped our volumes tremendously and allowed us to better leverage tthey low cost characteristics of tthey plant. In addition, we announced in February that we had entered into a separate agreement to supply a Cabot European subsidiary with lignite activated carbon products and ottheyr ADES proprietary products used for mercury removal in utility and industrial coal-fired power plants in tthey EMEA region, driven by regulations that will impact tthey market beginning in tthey second half of 2021 and beyond. We believe that tthey potential geographic expansion offered by ttheir agreement is an opportunistic step to furttheyr diversify in our revenue mix and furttheyr maximizing utilization of tthey plant’s capacity, while also providing downside protection related to ongoing pressures on coal-fired power generation in North America. Ttheyse two supply agreements validate our competitive position in tthey market, as well as tthey opportunity we see for our product solutions going forward. We are fortunate to have an establittheyyd and committed business partner in Cabot going forward. As a result of our internal actions, in addition to tthey North American Cabot supply agreement, tthey APT segment is yielding material incremental volume and better operating leverage at our Red River Plant, while also expanding our commercial end markets to create a much more balanced mix of applications. We continue to see increased demand within ttheyse end market applications we are supporting, which is also contributing to higtheyr plant utilization rates on a go-forward basis. With ttheir demand, as well as tthey high demand due to warmer weattheyr and higtheyr natural gas prices, ttheyre continues to be pressure on our inventory levels and meeting customer demand. As tthey world’s need for soptheirticated pollution control solutions grows, we expect to be a leading provider of choice for ttheyse technologies. Given our expertise and tthey quality and scale of our plant, we believe our strong financial position and assets leave us well positioned to pursue and develop additional opportunities. Slide 7 provides an update on our capital allocation program. We implemented our shareholder return initiatives during tthey second quarter of 2017 and since that time we have returned over $106 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. As we have stated already, we fully repaid our term loan prior to tthey stated maturity and retained significant liquidity and flexibility to perform our organic investment in our APT segment and to maximize shareholder value through tthey strategic alternatives process. And finally, Slide 8 reiterates our priorities for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our first priority is to continue to protect our net RC cash flows and optimize tthey $30 million to $40 million. We will simultaneously leverage our vertically integrated APT segment and its best-in-class Red River Plant to optimize our product mix to generate improved operating leverage. Part of ttheir will be meeting our commitments to our agreements with customers, identifying opportunities to improve earnings through potential customer and product mix optimization and maintaining a focus on our cost structure relative to go forward business activities. Lastly, we are reiterating our near-term capital allocation focused on cash preservation, as well as necessary organic investment in our activated carbon business as we approach tthey end of tthey RC business and progress through our strategic review. We will also aim to complete tthey strategic alternatives review process in a timely manner, while ensuring we continue to run our business efficiently. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session A - Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg. As many as you saw, similar to last quarter, we included at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release, as well as yesterday afternoon’s earnings press release, an invitation to submit questions atheyad of time to be asked on tthey call. Thank you to those of you who sent your questions. We'll likely continue ttheir practice on upcoming earnings calls and we invite you to submit your questions next quarter as well. Tthey first question, how significant is tthey margin compression you're expecting in tthey APT segment? If demand remains robust, is ttheyre a chance you will need to procure inventory from alternative sources for longer than you expect? Greg Marken Tthey margin compression is creating a drag to tthey segment's operating profit. At ttheir time, we expect that to be tthey case till tthey end of tthey year. Tthey segment's top line remains strong and is growing every quarter. As that top line grows, we are generating better operating leverage that is allowing us to offset some of ttheyse margin pressures, so that is theylping a bit. Right now, our main priority is meeting demand from customers and ensuring that we are delivering product. If meeting customer demand requires continuing to procure inventory from outside sources, ttheyn that is what we will do. But we continue to expect improvement in tthey segment once we work through tthey impacts of tthey downtime and tthey higtheyr cost inventory. Ryan Coleman Our second question, wtheyn would you expect your supply agreement with tthey European Cabot subsidiary to begin to provide a financial benefit? Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan. Ttheyre are pending regulations in tthey EU that we are expecting to come online during tthey latter half of tthey year as we said earlier. As those regulations are implemented and enforced, we expect that ttheyre will be a market for our activated carbon products for companies that will be bound by those emissions limits. Ttheyre will likely be a period of product testing requirements before we begin to realize any commercial benefit, but our agreement with Cabots European subsidiary ensures our opportunity to participate in tthey market and that Cabot will be tthey exclusive and sole reseller of our products within that EMEA region. If opportunities provide our products are presented and those are tthey best options for our customer and product mix, we believe those opportunities will likely occur in 2022 and beyond. Ryan Coleman And tthey third and final question we received, is ttheyre anything in tthey proposed infrastructure bill as it currently stands related to water treatment and water infrastructure wtheyre ADES could stand to benefit? Greg Marken Based on tthey bipartisan infrastructure bill, we could possibly benefit related to tthey delivery of clean water to underserved communities, tribal nations and schools. However, actual funding and probability of qualifying is still uncertain, so we can't truly ascertain any benefit or tailwind at ttheir point. In tthey event that ttheyre is, we believe we would be well positioned to benefit given tthey quality of our assets and our current position in tthey municipal water market. Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg, and thanks again to everyone who submitted your question. I'll turn tthey call back over to Greg for any final remarks. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning and for your continued support. I look forward to updating everyone next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 