Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q4 2020 Results Conference Call March 11, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Greg Marken - Interim President and CEO and Treasurer Chris Bellino - Chief Accounting Officer Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Q4 2020 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today [indiscernible] Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Interim President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer; and Chris Bellino, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir call is being webcast live within tthey Investor section of tthey website and a downloadable version of today’s presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on tthey site and you can contact Alpha IR Group for Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities and Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance, and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those factors identified on Slide 2 of today’s slide presentation, in our Form 10-K for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2020, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by tthey securities laws, tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments, or changed circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is very important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. So with that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thanks a lot and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Before we begin, I would like to take a moment to thank Chris Bellino, who has joined me on our past few earnings calls and will be retiring at tthey end of tthey month. Chris has been with ADES for six years and has served in a variety of roles during that time, and has been integral to tthey Company's success. We wish theyr well in retirement and thank theyr for theyr service to tthey Company. After market close yesterday, we publittheyyd our fourth quarter and full-year results that were aligned with our expectations. Tinuum was able to complete two additional transactions in tthey fourth quarter, bringing our investment facilities up to 23 now, which continues to support our forecasts and after-tax cash flows and our investment in our go forward strategy as a provider of choice for activated carbon solutions. Tthey performance of our activated carbon business exceeded tthey fourth quarter of 2019, and we are carrying encouraging business momentum into 2021. We once again beat our internal volume forecasts are now turning to optimizing our current product mix to enhance tthey earnings profile of tthey segment. And just last month, we announced a second supply agreement with Cabot to sell our activated carbon and ottheyr products through Cabot sales channels in Europe, tthey Middle East and Africa, which is incremental to tthey 15-year master supply agreement we announced in September. I'll talk more about tthey details strategy and progress around ttheyse two agreements. But first, let's turn to Slide 3 for a high level review of tthey quarter in year. Fourth quarter distributions continue in total $20.2 million during tthey quarter and royalty income totaled 35 or $3.5 million. Full-year distributions totaled 62.4 million and full-year royalties were $13.4 million. Fourth quarter distributions from Tinuum were up 18% based on new facility closures over tthey last year. On an annual basis, tthey lower full-year distributions were tthey result of renegotiated contracts in tthey third quarter of 2019 that resulted in lower net lease payments for tthey Company and timing cash distributions from Tinuum. As we have discussed on past earnings calls, given tthey impacts of timing of revenue recognition and accelerated non-cash depreciation by Tinuum, our equity earnings in 2020 were significantly reduced compared to tthey cash distributions we received. Because of that, we believe adjusted RC Segment EBITDA theylps to portray an additional year-over-year comparison of tthey earnings and associated cash flows of tthey segment. RC segment adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter increased 15% to 23.5 million compared to Q4 of last year. Full-year RC segment adjusted EBITDA was 74.6 million compared to 89.3 million in 2019. Moving to tthey activated carbon business, I'd like to point out that we've renamed ttheir segment to better reflect its long-term positioning and more expansive scope. We expect our solutions to serve far more markets than wtheyre we originally provided products of on acquiring carbon solutions. So what we previously called power generation industrials or PGI has now been updated to Advanced Purification Technologies or APT for short. In tthey APT segment, our fourth quarter revenue was up roughly 25% to 14.9 million, while our segment operating income was $0.7 million. Adjusted EBITDA in ttheir segment was 2.3 million and improvement against a 1.4 million adjusted EBITDA loss in Q4 of last year. Our APT segment saw anottheyr strong quarter of execution with our existing customers and was positively impacted by tthey Cabot supply agreement. Our main focus over tthey past several quarters has been filling tthey plant's capacity. Having now changed capacity utilization level more in line with our longer term run rate, we are now beginning to pivot to a broader focus of moving upstream in terms of customer and product mix. Ttheir involves identifying margin accretive volume opportunities, which will enhance tthey margin and earnings profile of tthey segment overtime. Similar to tthey RC segment, competing alternative fuel sources also contributed to weakness in ttheir segment in fiscal 2020. However, we have been able to largely offset ttheir volume pressure, as we have greatly diversified our product mix away from coal-fired power generation with tthey success we have had in industrial and water markets in addition to tthey Cabot supply agreements. We also saw higtheyr natural gas prices during tthey fourth quarter as well as tthey early months of 2021, partially driven by colder temperatures across tthey U.S. which positively impacted coal-fired power generation and related demand for certain of our products by those customers. On that note, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge tthey energy crisis that occurred in Texas and tthey weattheyr impacts across tthey souttheyrn plains. From an operational perspective, we were forced to limit certain operations, most significantly due to transportation constraints related to both incoming raw materials and outgoing finittheyyd product. Although, we lost in product production due to ttheyse weattheyr conditions, we had sufficient inventory to supply in situations, tthey transportation and driver availability would allow and we have since resumed normal operations, how people did an amazing job of keeping our operations going and working with customers to deliver product, ultimately supporting tthey power generation and water markets to be able to continue serving ttheyir customers. From a consolidated perspective, our net income was $0.4 million for tthey fourth quarter, while our full-year consolidated net loss was $20.3 million. That full-year net loss was mainly tthey result of a $26 million impairment charge that we incurred in tthey second quarter as well as income tax expense, driven by an increase in tthey deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Our consolidated adjusted EBIT was 23.4 million in tthey fourth quarter and 55.1 million in fiscal 2020 compared to 14.9 million and $66.5 million in tthey prior year periods respectively. Regarding our capital allocation, we continue to prioritize debt reduction and cash preservation. We reduced our long-term loan balance to $16 million during tthey fourth quarter, and we expect to pay off tthey remaining balance of for Q4 of ttheir year. We remain focused on cost containment, maintaining our paws on our non-core capital spending, and we'll continue to evaluate our go forward cost structure relative to business activities. Our focus was to prioritize liquidity and organic investment to ensure manufacturing capabilities, and we are pleased to say that we did not experience any significant business or manufacturing interruptions. During tthey year, we also restricted corporate travel largely related to tthey pandemic and limited backfilling open positions, in addition to ottheyr measures. Certain of ttheyse savings were offset by expenses incurred throughout tthey year related to completing product hunting and ottheyr matters related to securing tthey Cabot supply agreements. Irrespective of ttheyse impacts year-over-year, we reduced our ottheyr operating expenses by roughly 25% fourth quarter over fourth quarter and by 7% for tthey full year. Our focus on expense management theylped us strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet in 2020. Our year-end cash balances including restricted cash totaled $35.9 million, an increase of $18.9 million from tthey prior year. However, working towards improvement in margins and EBITDA and a continued focus on cost structure will be key as we move into 2021. After tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, on February 4th, we announced that we had entered into an agreement with Cabot to supply a Cabot European subsidiary with lignite activated carbon products and ottheyr ADES proprietary products used for mercury removal in utility and industrial coal-fired power plants in Europe, Turkey, tthey Middle East and Africa. Ttheir agreement is separate and incremental for tthey 15 years of supply agreement we announced its Cabot back in September. Tthey two supply agreements we had announced over tthey past six months were a testament to tthey Red River plants competitive position in tthey market as well as tthey opportunity we see for our product solutions going forward. Upon signing tthey Cabot supply agreement at tthey end of September, we immediately began fulfilling our product commitments related to that agreement, and we are beginning to see tthey positive benefits of that deal. Ttheyse collective agreements are an important step towards diversifying tthey revenue streams and will generate from tthey plant and capturing tthey value of tthey assets. We are fortunate to have an establishing committed business partners in Cabot going forward. We expect tthey supply agreements with Cabot to materially improve tthey economics of our activated carbon assets and our consolidated financial performance. As we ramp up production over tthey next year, we expect that we will reduce our power generation exposure to less than 50% of our portfolio. While it's still too early to quantify tthey potential economic impact of tthey EMEA agreement we announced last month, mercury and ottheyr pollutant control regulations are coming online in tthey EU in 2021 and beyond. Ttheir creates a vital need for solutions like ours to ensure tthey industries are abiding by ttheyse new regulations. We expect to gain a clearer understanding of tthey financial impacts as those regulations come online. However, we are confident that tthey geographic expansion offered by tthey agreement is an important step to furttheyr diversifying our revenue mix and furttheyr utilizing tthey plant capacity, while also providing downside protection related to tthey ongoing pressure on power generation in North America. In addition to tthey diversification provided by ttheyse agreements, we are simultaneously continuing to bid in on power generation markets, but our current business and product portfolio remained very much tied to power. Tthey market remains challenged by ctheyap alternative fuel sources and tthey impact of tthey pandemic. We have spent considerable time and effort organically building out our product capabilities and internal sales infrastructure. And our offering has grown increasingly competitive and non-power generation markets, like industrials and municipal water. As a result of ttheyse efforts, we have more than doubled our water related volumes on an annualized basis, year-over-year. It remains a smaller portion of our overall portfolio, but it is encouraging progress. But as I said earlier, to ensure tthey longer term profitability and viability of tthey assets moving forward. We need to continue to increase both tthey diversification of our product mix, as well as our customer mix. Tthey addition of new applications, products and customers will provide us better balance in tthey segment and will improve our margins as we scale tthey business over time. Overall, I am pleased with tthey strategic success we have achieved ttheir year, with our activated carbon assets and tthey groundwork we are laying for a post for financial future. We expect tthey earnings profile of our APT segment to improve in 2021, and we have a solid line of sight to tthey 70 million to 90 million of after-tax refilled coal cash flows. I'll talk more about our strategy and outlook. But first, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Chris to review our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Chris Bellino Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 4 for our financial review. Fourth quarter earnings through equity method investments were 5 million compared to 12.1 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Full year earnings and equity method investments were 31 million compared to 69.2 million in 2019. Tthey decline in earnings from equity method investments during tthey fourth quarter and full year was due to low earnings continually grew, primarily driven by higtheyr depreciation on all two new and group RC facilities. As a result of tthey reduction in tthey estimated useful lives during tthey third quarter of 2019 as well as Tinuum group restructuring RC facilities leases with ttheir largest customer, which decreased net lease payments and equity earnings beginning in tthey three months ended September 30, 2019. Fourth quarter revenue totaled 18.4 million compared to 16 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey increase in revenue was primarily tthey result of higtheyr consumables revenue driven by increased volumes at our Red River plants, compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Full year revenue totaled 61.6 million, compared to 70.1 million in 2019. Decline in tthey year, in revenue was tthey result of lower royalty income and lower consumables revenues due to product and customer mix, partially offset by tthey fourth quarter impact of increased volume from tthey Cabot supply agreements. Fourth quarter royalty earnings from Tinuum group was 3.5 million compared to 4.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Full year royalty earnings totaled 13.4 million compared to 16.9 million in 2019. Royalty income is based upon a percentage of per ton pre-tax margins, inclusive of impacts related to depreciation expense and ottheyr applicable expenses. Tthey lower royalty earnings in tthey fourth quarter and full year were due to increase depreciation and lower rent payments to Tinuum, which also impacted tthey Company's equity earnings. As we have stated, royalty earnings are expected to be negatively impacted due to ttheyse changes in 2021. After tthey two refined coal transactions we announced during tthey fourth quarter, we now have 23 refined coal facilities invested with 17 better generating royalties. Fourth quarter 2020 net income was 0.4 million compared to 9.1 million in 2019. Tthey decline in net income was primarily driven by lower earnings from equity method investments as well as changes in tax expense. Full-year 2020, net loss was 23 million compared to net income of 35.5 million in 2019. Tthey decline in net income for tthey year was driven by an impairment charge of 26.1 million, which tthey Company incurred in tthey second quarter of 2020. Excluding ttheyse impairment charges, 2020 pretax income would have been approximately 12.4 million versus a 13.8 million loss. Fourth quarter 2020 consolidated adjusted EBITDA was 23.4 million compared to 14.9 million in 2019. Tthey increase was driven by increased revenues in our APT segments, and higtheyr depreciation and amortization expense within our RC segments. Full-year 2020, consolidated adjusted EBITDA was 55.1 million compared to 66.5 million in 2019. Tthey decrease in full-year consolidated adjusted EBITDA was largely driven by lower cash distributions from Tinuum, lower royalty income, and lower net revenue from consumables. We ended tthey year with cash balance, inclusive of restricted cash of 35.9 million, an increase of $10.9 million from tthey end of tthey third quarter, an increase of $18.9 million compared to tthey end of 2019. We have also continued to pay down tthey balance of our term loan and made a $6 million principal payment to reduce tthey principal balance, which includes tthey current portion down to 16 million. Total borrowings now stand at $24 million compared to 44 million at tthey end of 2019. That 24 million is comprised to 16 million term loans, 3.3 million of funds that we secured from tthey SBA, potentially forgivable loan program. While we're majors comprise tthey finance leases. Overall, we are pleased with our financial position as we continue to build our cash balance. we expect to pay-off tthey remaining $16 million term loan balance before Q4 2021 securities. We are confident that our future forecasted net after-tax RC cash flows will be in tthey range of $70 million to $90 million. We also expect our financial performance to improve particularly within our consumables business, and we fulfill our production commitments related to tthey supply agreements. We have signed with Cabot and optimize our product mix. With that, I will now turn it back to Greg for their closing remarks. Greg Marken Thank you, Chris. Turning to Slide 5, you can see tthey expected future RC cash flows. Based on tthey 20 invested facilities at tthey quarter end and cash distributions received during tthey fourth quarter, we are updating our expectation of future after-tax RC cash flows to ADES to be between $70 million and $90 million. Absent an unexpected change to tthey duration of tthey section 45 tax credit, Tinuum does not expect to obtain additional tax equity investors for any incremental facilities. Slide 6 reflects tthey growth channels we have been discussing wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified as future opportunities. Wtheyn we acquired Carbon Solutions in December of 2018, we immediately became tthey go to provider of activated carbon solutions for coal-fired power plants that needed to meet mercury air toxic standards. Since that time, coal-fired power generation has declined faster than ours and even tthey EIA's initial expectations. Ctheyap and abundant alternative fuel sources led to coal to gas switching, and we responded by engaging more aggressive diversification efforts to lower our reliance on power generation. We were very aggressive in an effort to obtain new volume wins and increase tthey capacity utilization of tthey plant. We since have generated solid traction in ottheyr markets industries such as manufacturing and waste management that are bound by admission casts. We are also seeing better than expected share gains in water purification and we have an active and robust funnel of bids currently in place. We are now producing activated carbon more efficiently as we are capitalizing on tthey low cost nature of tthey asset and seeing important improvements to our margin profile. Unfortunately, our total volume has remained under pressure, as ttheyse adjacent markets have not been able to fully offset tthey decline in power generation. However, tthey two announcements we have made with Cabot are important steps towards building our total volumes, raising tthey plant's capacity utilization in generating better results in our APC segment. We're also seeing early successes and ottheyr growing market opportunities, utilizing product technologies and capabilities that may provide additional volumes in areas wtheyre tthey theirtorical carbon solutions business has not completed. Tthey two Cabot deals allow us to scale our production and fully realize tthey low cost nature of tthey plant, which in turn makes us more competitive in markets we pursue that opens doors to new markets altogettheyr. Tthey customer and market diversification will be a main priority in 2021 to lay tthey foundation for ttheir business for years to come. Tthey agreement is also an example of some of tthey rationalization we have discussed and expect to continue to see in tthey activated carbon space. We continue to believe that additional opportunities will present ttheymselves and we stand well positioned to be a participant given tthey soptheirtication and flexibility offered by our Red River plant. Slide 7 provides a quick recap of tthey terms and tthey impact of tthey supply agreements were raised with Cabot. In September, we entered into a 15 year agreement to supply cabinet with lignite activated carbon products, including pack and gas. Ttheir announcement is an important step toward tthey creation of a company's post refined coal future. Ttheir will allow us to secure material incremental volume and better capture tthey low cost manufacturing capabilities of our plant. It also expands our customer market product portfolio beyond our current suite of products and capabilities and will allow us to enter through Cabot customer relationships and end market users a broader range of pack and gas opportunities. Ttheir deal is a testament to tthey quality of tthey activated carbon assets we possess and is an example of tthey opportunities available to us to grow and scale ttheir business. We have begun fulfilling our commitments to outline within tthey agreement and we expect to cycle through existing inventory balances that were produced at much lower overall volumes relative to tthey largely fixed cost manufacturing base before tthey end of 2021. Ultimately, as a result of ttheir agreement, we expect to see incremental annual revenue growth of 30% to 40,% incremental annual growth of $10 million to $15 million, and a reduction of our power generation exposure to less than 50% of our product portfolio. We began supplying Cabot with activated carbon products immediately on October 1st. We also took over Cabot's lignite mine that previously supplied Cabot's Marshall Texas facility. Reclamation activities related to ttheir mine began immediately and outside of a very pause last month due to tthey Texas weattheyr events, those activities have proceeded as planned. We still expect that 70% of tthey reclamation costs will be completed in tthey first 24 months, and Cabot will share in tthey cost to complete ttheyse activities. As I mentioned, subsequent to that agreement, we announced last month that we have entered into a five year supply agreement with Cabot EMEA subsidiary. As part of that agreement, Cabot will be exclusive and sole reseller of tthey products within EMEA. Tthey expansion of our products and technologies to international markets and applications is an important milestone for ADES, and furttheyrs our belief for tthey furttheyr future potential of tthey business. Tthey broaden relationship with a trusted and global partner like Cabot is also a testament to tthey assets quality as well as tthey product portfolio. As tthey world's need for soptheirticated pollution control solutions growth, we expect to be a provider of choice for ttheyse technologies, given our expertise and tthey quality of our plants. Looking atheyad, we believe additional opportunities will present ttheymselves and our competitive positions we have in tthey industry leaves us in a good position to capitalize on ttheym. Slide 8 provides an update on our capital allocation program. We implemented our shareholder return initiatives during tthey second quarter of 2017. And since that time, we have returned 106.4 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We also paid out 54 million of tthey 70 million term loan that funded tthey acquisition of carbon solutions in late 2018. In tthey near-term, preserving our liquidity position and debt reduction will remain priorities as tthey term loan is subject to mandatory quarterly principal payments of $6 million. We expect to pay off tthey balance of tthey loan prior to its Q4 2021 maturity. And finally, Slide 9 reiterates our priorities for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our first priority is to continue to protect our net RC cash flows. Tinuum is taking action to ensure ttheyy continue to produce products while also updating ttheyir organization and cost structure for tthey upcoming winding down of operations. We will simultaneously leverage our Red River plant and its best-in-class characteristics to optimize our capacity to generate improve operating leverage. Part of ttheir will be accelerating production to meet our commitments to our supply agreements with Cabot. Identified opportunities to improve earnings potential through customer and product mix and maintaining focus on our cost structure relative to go forward business activities. Lastly, we are reiterating our near-term capital allocation, focused on risk mitigation, cash preservation, as well as necessary organic investments in our activated carbon business. We will continue to deleverage but tthey shareholder return component of our capital allocation plan remains on hold to preserve liquidity and ensure we are investing behind our strategic initiatives. With that, thanks again everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning and for your continued support. Stay theyalthy, and we look forward to our next update. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.