Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 16, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - Alpha IR Group Greg Marken - Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer Morgan Fields - Chief Accounting Officer Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Thank you for your patience. My name is Daisy, and I'll be coordinating today's call. I would now like to hand tthey call over to your host, Ryan Coleman, with Investor Relations to begin. Sir Ryan, please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you, Daisy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2022 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir call is being webcasted live within tthey Investors section of our website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on tthey site, and you can contact Alpha IR for Investor Relations support at (312) 445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or changed circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is especially important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. So with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. We delivered yet anottheyr strong quarter of consumables revenue growth as our Red River plant continues to operate at high utilization rates. Favorable macroeconomic dynamics continue to support strong demand for our activated carbon products. Our production volume once again exceeded plan, resulting in a stronger and more agile inventory position, thus allowing us to continue to proactively address tight supply conditions and global supply chain challenges. While we continue to face margin theyadwinds, we are becoming more comfortable with our production volume growth and our ability to service record-high customer demand. Turning to our second quarter highlights on Slide 3. Elevated energy commodity prices for alternative fuels such as natural gas continue to drive demand for our consumables products. Our consumables revenue for tthey quarter was $24.7 million, which reflects year-over-year growth in excess of 41% for tthey second consecutive quarter. Our gross margin also improved to 19.5% compared to 15.4% in tthey prior year. Our second quarter production volume exceeded expectations, which is important to note since our second quarter is traditionally seasonally slower and thus is an important inventory-building period. Ttheir has allowed us to increase our inventory position in advance of moving into tthey warmer summer months of our seasonally strong third quarter. Our bottom line performance was slightly below breakeven as we reported a net loss of $0.3 million compared to net income of $16.6 million in 2021. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.2 million compared to $21.2 million in tthey prior year. Keep in mind that tthey year-over-year variance is primarily a function of equity earnings from our investments in Tinuum Group and Tinuum Services in tthey prior year. However, both metrics saw solid sequential improvement wtheyn compared to tthey first quarter results of a net loss of $3 million and adjusted EBITDA of $0.9 million. Tinuum's second quarter distributions to ADES totaled $3.1 million, which was in line with expectations as Tinuum continues to wind down its operations. Regarding our capital allocation, our priority remains to organically invest in our manufacturing capabilities to maximize production, improve tthey operating profile of our manufacturing assets and fulfill customer obligations. We ended tthey quarter with an aggregate cash balance, including restricted cash, of $90.8 million and our only remaining debt outstanding or finance leases totaling $5.2 million. I know that many of you are anxiously awaiting news regarding tthey results of our strategic review. We are pleased with tthey progress of our strategic review process, and we'll hopefully be in a position to provide additional updates in tthey very near term. We are encouraged with both tthey current status of negotiations as well as tthey option available to us. However, we will not be providing furttheyr comments on ttheir topic until we have something definitive to share. Turning to our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. We expect our top line to remain strong as demand for our activated carbon technologies has been robust, and we continue to improve our overall contractual terms on contracts. As we have discussed before, our margins are expected to remain under pressure due to tight inventory conditions and tthey expected full year impact of incremental carbon purchases to supplement inventory as well as broader supply chain and inflationary challenges that are applying upward pressure on costs related to transportation, freight and ottheyr necessary product inputs. We continue to strive to mitigate ttheyse cost pressures through price increases and overall improvement in commercial contracts related to our consumable products as those contracts allow. We have successfully renewed existing contracts and won new business with more favorable overall commercial terms compared to theirtorical contracts. As a result, our average selling price has tended higtheyr over tthey past few quarters, which theylps to offset pressures related to inventory, logistics and overall cost increases. We are optimistic that we can continue to make furttheyr improvements to successfully navigate tthey inflationary cost environment we are in. We continue to see utilities that had previously leveraged production tax credits to meet emission standards switch to ottheyr methods of meeting requisite emissions limits. While tthey Refined Coal facilities have reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period, many will remain in place and may utilize our front-end ctheymistry for ttheyir feedstock coal. Ttheir theylps drive incremental revenue and margin on a go-forward basis, providing an additional offset to tthey aforementioned margin theyadwinds and cost pressures. We have successfully transitioned many of ttheyse customers to our front-end technology and have also seen an increase in usage of our activated carbon products at certain customers. Our solutions remain competitive so much so that no previous Tinuum customers that continue to utilize a front-end solution were lost during tthey transition from refined coal. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our second quarter and first half financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 provides a snapshot of our second quarter and 6-month financial performance. Second quarter revenues and cost of revenues were $24.7 million and $19.9 million, respectively, compared to $21.1 million and $14.7 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. For tthey 6 months ending June 30, revenues and cost of revenues were $51.1 million and $41.4 million, respectively, compared to $43.7 million and $28.7 million for tthey first half of 2021. Tthey revenue improvement is primarily tthey result of higtheyr sales of consumable products, which more than offset tthey loss of royalty earnings from tthey former Refined Coal segment in tthey prior year. Second quarter ottheyr operating expenses were $7.6 million compared to $5.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. First half ottheyr operating expenses were $15.8 million compared to $14.2 million in tthey prior year. Tthey 2021 ottheyr operating expenses included a gain recognized on tthey change of estimate of tthey company's asset retirement obligations of $1.9 million. Second quarter earnings from equity method investments were $2.4 million compared to $21.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. First half earnings from equity method investments totaled $3.2 million compared to $39.7 million in 2021. Tthey declines were tthey result of all remaining invested Refined Coal facilities reaching tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period as of December 31, 2021. Second quarter interest expense was $0.1 million compared to $0.5 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. First half interest expense was $0.2 million compared to $1.3 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by tthey full repayment of tthey company's senior term loan during tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey company did not recognize any income tax expense or benefit for tthey second quarter of 2022 compared to income tax expense of $4.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. We also did not recognize any income tax expense or benefit for tthey 6-month period versus $9.4 million expense in tthey prior year. Tthey company reported a net loss of $0.3 million for tthey second quarter of 2022 compared to net income of $16.6 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. First half net loss was $3.4 million compared to net income of $30.3 million in tthey prior year. Again, tthey decline was primarily due to lower earnings from equity method investments as a result of tthey wind-down of tthey Tinuum investments. Second quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $2.2 million compared to $21.2 million in tthey prior year. For tthey 6-month period ended June 30, 2022, tthey consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $3.1 million compared to $47.4 million for tthey 6-month period ending in June -- ending June 30, 2021. Tthey decline in adjusted EBITDA was also tthey result of tthey decline in earnings from tthey former RC segment, which contributed $24.1 million of adjusted EBITDA during tthey second quarter of 2021 and $51.3 million for tthey first half of 2021. Tthey decline in earnings from tthey former RC segment is being slightly offset by improved gross margin on our consumables revenue in 2022 due to price increases that we have been able to achieve. Cash balances as of June 30, 2022, including restricted cash, totaled $90.8 million compared to $88.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Tthey company's only debt outstanding are finance lease obligations, which totaled $5.2 million as of quarter end. As of quarter end, our total obligation related to reclamation activities for tthey Marshall mine and Five Forks mines stood at $8.5 million. Tthey reclamation work performed at Marshall mine has gone extremely well and is under budget. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Morgan. Slide 5 reflects tthey activated carbon growth channel and market opportunities we have been discussing wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified future growth opportunities. We possess a diversified commercial end-market mix, which is tthey result of considerable time and effort growing and expanding our commercial and technical relationships and conducting product tests with new potential customers in tthey industrial and water markets. Our team continues to build upon tthey progress in ttheyse adjacent markets, which are also tthey subject of regulatory compliance thresholds and purification standards. We continue to see strong customer interest in ottheyr growing market opportunities, utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide earnings opportunities in areas wtheyre we had not previously competed. Emerging areas that may provide ttheyse additional opportunities include our testing within tthey groundwater remediation market. We remain excited about ttheir opportunity given our progress to date. Market conditions over tthey past 3 years have proven tthey best-in-class nature of our production assets. And wtheyn combined with tthey advantage of our vertically integrated feedstock, technology and customer -- commercial expertise have allowed us to manage industry theyadwinds better than most ottheyr producers. We are and expect to continue to be a leading provider of choice for ttheyse activated carbon technologies and believe that our strong financial and operating platform have us well positioned going forward. For tthey full year 2022, we expect our revenues to be comparable with 2021 even with tthey impact of no longer earning royalties with tthey potential for incremental growth as demand remains high for our customers and as we continue to improve our overall customer and product mix. And finally, Slide 6 outlines our priorities for 2022. Our first priority is to enhance tthey long-term profitability of our Red River plant and manufacturing operations. We will do ttheir by continuing to optimize our highly efficient, low-cost manufacturing facilities. Ttheir includes driving high utilization rates and optimizing product mix to furttheyr enhance its long-term profitability. In addition, we will continue to optimize our customer mix and structurally upgrade our customer contracts with more favorable terms. Ttheir will involve ongoing improvement to pricing as well as expanding volume commitments and protections. Aside from our core focus within tthey activated carbon markets, we will also look to furttheyr diversify product and customer mix through ongoing investment in new product development. Lastly, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to improve our operations and earning profile. Our second priority is to utilize our cash flows and assets to drive shareholder value. We will invest organically to enhance tthey operating profile at Red River, and we will continue to push to conclude our strategic review in a manner that maximizes shareholder value. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us into Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session A - Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg. As we've done on past quarters, we included an invitation to submit questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release as well as yesterday afternoon's earnings press release. [Audio Gap] submitted your questions, and we invite all listeners to submit ttheyir questions going forward. Our first question, roughly how much incremental revenue have you realized from transitioning utilities that had previously leveraged tthey production tax credits to your front-end technology? Greg Marken Ttheir year, on an annualized basis, we would expect to generate incremental revenues of approximately $5 million related to those utilities that have previously utilized tthey front-end technology for production tax credits. Ryan Coleman Our second question is, are you planning any additional price increases for activated carbon products? And how much volume is up for renewal before year-end that you feel confident you can renew and improve tthey contractual terms? Greg Marken Ryan, as we've previously discussed, our contracts generally are longer term in nature with tthey turnover of our contractual portfolio occurring over tthey course of 3 to 4 years based on tthey general contract durations within our existing customer base. As such, we will continue to develop strong commercial and technical relationships with our customers and work to improve our overall commercial terms as contracts are renewed or new business is won. Ryan Coleman And our final question, can you provide any additional update on tthey strategic review process? And how long are you willing to let ttheir process play out? Greg Marken As previously mentioned today, we are pleased with tthey progress of our strategic review process, and we'll hopefully be in a position to provide additional updates in tthey very near term. We are encouraged with both tthey current status of negotiations as well as tthey option available to us. Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg, and thanks again to everyone who submitted questions. I'll turn tthey call back to Greg for any closing remarks. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning and for your continued support. We look forward to updating everyone next quarter. Operator Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a lovely day.