Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - Alpha IR Group Greg Marken - Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer Morgan Fields - Chief Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Q3, Earnings Results Call. My name is Digrita, I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to your host, Ryan Coleman, with Investor Relations. Ryan, please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2022 earnings results call. With me on tthey call ttheir morning are Greg Marken, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir call is being webcasted live within tthey Investors section of our website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on tthey site, and you can contact Alpha IR for Investor Relations support at (312) 445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 and 3 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or changed circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is especially important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken  Thank you, Ryan. And thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Our third quarter showed anottheyr period of solid consumables revenue growth, as macro-economic conditions continue to support demand and revenue improvements from our power generation, industrial and municipal water customers. Consumables revenue for tthey quarter grew to $28.4 million, compared to $26.7 million in tthey prior year, a 7% increase. Tthey growth was driven by increased volumes and improved pricing partially offset by product mix. Our consumables gross margin was 24.1% in tthey quarter, compared to 25.2% in 2021. On a year-to-date basis, total sales volumes are significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year, along with a much-improved average selling price, which has driven consumables revenue growth of 27% compared to tthey first nine months of 2021. For tthey quarter, we reported a net loss of $2.4 million in 2022 compared to net income of $24.3 million in 2021. Tthey difference being due to tthey effect of Tinuum investments in tthey prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA loss was $0.5 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $28.5 million in 2021, which again was tthey result of Tinuum investment contributions in 2021. As we have discussed on previous calls, Tinuum ceased operations as of December 31, 2021. As a result of tthey end of tthey section 45 Tax Credit generation period. Our production volume at Red River was strong during tthey quarter and our inventory position modestly improved during tthey period. However, inventory tightness and supply constraints continue to be a concern. Additionally, our capital allocation priority remains tthey organic investment in our manufacturing assets to ensure we are able to meet customer demand and to continue to win attractive commercial opportunities within tthey market. In September, we announced that we reactheyd an agreement to sell our Marshal Mine to Caddo Creek Resources Company. Upon closing of tthey transaction, which we expect to occur in tthey first half of 2023., tthey asset retirement obligation and ottheyr liabilities, which are approximately $5.1 million, as of quarter end will be removed from our balance ttheyyet. Ttheir is anottheyr positive step as we de-risk our balance ttheyyet and focus on our Red River operations in tthey proposed merger with Arq. We also expect tthey sale to result in tthey release of a portion of our restricted cash once tthey Asset Retirement Obligation goes away. Turning to our outlook, we continue to expect top line growth supported by macro-economic factors and pricing initiatives as well as strong sales and a robust commercial pipeline. Our total sales volumes year-to-date are higtheyr than tthey prior year. However, in tthey third quarter, our sales volumes were down slightly wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter, partially due to tthey sctheyduled plant retirements related to tthey power generation market, as well as selective bidding on certain contracts. We continue to manage volumes closely given continued strong demand for our products, as well as ongoing challenges of sourcing certain third-party carbons to support target inventory levels. As a result, we are being selective regarding tthey volume commitments we make, carefully targeting our bidding activity, focusing on pricing initiatives and stepping up tthey overall earnings profile of our products. Shortly after tthey end of tthey third quarter, we encountered a mechanical issue in one of our furnaces at our Red River facility, which led to a week and a half of downtime for that unit. Tthey mechanical issue has been addressed and resolved. However, tthey associated downtime resulted in lost production and will affect our inventory position as we move into tthey end of tthey year. Combining all of ttheyse factors, we will continue to supplement our inventory through external sources in order to meet high customer demand. Yet, we do expect levels of purchase inventory in 2023 to be reduced compared to tthey current year, which we expect has to have a positive impact on tthey margin profile of our consumable carbon products going forward. Our margins continue to be pressured by tthey higtheyr cost per unit we are currently experiencing as a result of ttheir sourcing of supplemental carbon, as well as inflationary impacts on a number of operational costs. We expect ttheyse pressures to persist into 2023. In addition, general supply chain bottlenecks seen across tthey economy remain a theyadwind causing an increase in certain product input costs, interrelated transport costs, as well as negatively impacting tthey timing, receipt of various product inputs. We're attempting to alleviate ttheyse manufacturing cost pressures through increased average selling price and positive changes in our product mix, and targeting markets and contracts with better economics. We remain pleased and encouraged by our ability to realign contracts to current market conditions wtheyn possible, and as a result, our average selling price is trending higtheyr. In addition, our contract renewal rates with existing customers remains above 90%, which is a testament to both our sales and support teams, as well as tthey efficacy of our activated carbon technologies. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Morgan to review our financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 5 provides a snapshot of our third quarter and nine months ended financial performance. Third quarter consumables revenues and cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization were $28.4 million and $21.6 million, respectively, compared to $26.7 million and $20 million for tthey third quarter of 2021. For tthey nine months, ending September 30. consumables revenues and cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization were $79.6 million and $63 million, respectively, compared to $26.2 million and $48.7 million for tthey first nine months of 2021. Tthey revenue increased quarter-over-quarter is due to a combination of higtheyr sales volumes and improved pricing. Year-to-date, our revenue growth is primarily driven by higtheyr product volumes, which generated approximately $11.2 million of revenue improvement. Product volumes in 2022 were higtheyr in power generation, primarily due to higtheyr natural gas prices compared to tthey prior year period, which contributed to increased demand for our products. Year-to-date, consumables revenues also increased by approximately $4.3 million due to favorable selling prices of our products, and by approximately $0.6 million due to favorable product mix. Third quarter ottheyr operating expenses were $9.5 million, compared to $7.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2021. Trailing nine months, ottheyr operating expenses were $25.3 million, compared to $21.8 million in tthey prior year. Tthey increases are mainly tthey result of higtheyr legal and professional fees associated with tthey company's strategic review process, which was partially offset by lower payroll and benefits expense, as well as tthey gain on change in tthey estimate on tthey asset retirement obligation that was recorded in 2021. We did not record any earnings from equity method investments in tthey third quarter, compared to $22.2 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. Year-to- date earnings from equity method investments totaled $3.2 million, compared to $61.9 million in 2021. Tthey declines were tthey result of all remaining invested Refined Coal facilities reaching tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period as of December 31, 2021. Going forward, we do not expect to collect any furttheyr distributions nor recognize any material earnings from our equity investments in Tinuum. Third quarter interest expense was $0.1 million, compared to $0.1 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. While year-to-date interest expense was $0.2 million compared to $1.4 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease in interest expense for tthey year-to-date period was primarily driven by tthey full repayment of tthey company's senior term loan during tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey company did not recognize any income tax expense or benefit for tthey third quarter of 2022 compared to income tax expense of $4.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2021. We also did not recognize any income tax expense or benefit for tthey nine-month period versus $14 million expense in tthey prior year. Tthey company reported a third quarter net loss of $2.4 million, or negative $0.13 per diluted share, compared to net income of $24.3 million or $1.31 per share for tthey third quarter of 2021. Year-to-date net loss was $5.8 million, or negative $0.31 per diluted share, versus a net income of $54.6 million or $2.96 per diluted share in 2021. Tthey declines on a quarterly and year-to-date basis are again primarily attributable to lower earnings from equity method investments as a result of tthey wind down of tthey Tinuum investments. Third quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA loss was $0.5 million compared to positive EBITDA of $28.5 million in tthey prior year. For tthey nine-month period ended September 30, consolidated adjusted EBIDTA was $2.5 million, compared to $75.8 million for tthey nine-month period in tthey prior year. Tthey decline in adjusted EBIDTA was mainly tthey result of tthey decline in royalties and equity earnings from Tinuum investments, along with tthey increased legal and consulting fees related to tthey proposed Arq merger. Cash balances as of September 30, including restricted cash totaled $85.8 million, compared to $88.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Tthey company's only debt outstanding are finance lease obligations, which totaled $4.9 million as of quarter end. CapEx for third quarter totaled $3.3 million, compared to $1.4 million in tthey prior year. Year-to -date CapEx was $6.5 million compared to $6.7 million in 2021. We expect to spend $4.9 million in CapEx and mine development for tthey remainder of tthey year. We anticipate an elevated level of CapEx in 2023, including a planned shutdown for sctheyduled maintenance and repairs that occurs every two years along with tthey completion of certain planned projects that have been postponed in 2022. As Greg mentioned during tthey quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell Marshall Mine to Caddo Creek Resources Company, we did not expect any cash infusion from tthey transaction. Rattheyr we will pay roughly $2.4 million to Caddo Creek subject to certain adjustments, which will eliminate tthey asset retirement obligation from our balance ttheyyet. We also expect a portion of our restricted cash to be released upon closing of tthey transaction, which we anticipate will occur sometime in tthey first half of tthey year. I'll now turn tthey call back to Greg. Greg Marken  Thank you, Morgan. As we have discussed, our recent third quarter included robust performance, both operationally and financially. Not only did we see continued high demand for our products and capitalized on improved pricing, but we also took steps to reduce risk to our business by selling tthey Marshal Mine. In addition, tthey quarter was highlighted by tthey announcement of our intent to merge with Arq Limited. I would like to take a few minutes to reiterate tthey reasons why we are so excited about ttheir transaction. Broadly speaking, tthey merger will be transformative to our company in a number of ways. First, it expands our commercial growth opportunities by enabling us to produce new GAC products using Arq powder as an ultra-pure high value bituminous base feedstock, thus allowing us to participate in expanded and higtheyr margin activated carbon markets. As it relates to tthey market today, we believe that tthey current North American activated carbon market is structurally underserved. Tthey expansion of our product portfolio to include bituminous based GAC products will allow us to address more than 80% of tthey North American activated carbon market versus tthey 35% that currently may be addressable using our existing lignite-based products. In ottheyr words, tthey merger with Arq will provide a longer term sustainable and diversified product mix to compete in higtheyr margin activated carbon markets. However, tthey utilization of effective second feedstock will create tthey need to expand tthey production capabilities of our Red River facility. Our Red River Plant was not designed or constructed to include certain manufacturing processes necessary to produce bituminous activated carbon. Although, we would have needed to have included many of ttheyse same capital upgrades to our plant over tthey long term to enable tthey processing of alternative feedstocks for our standalone growth. Tthey opportunity to immediately secure a vertically integrated and patent protected feedstock of superior quality makes ttheir opportunity very unique and attractive. In addition to tthey expanded activated carbon market opportunities, tthey merger also opens tthey door to new non-activated carbon markets that Arq is currently pursuing, and ottheyrwise would not be available to us within our existing business. Ttheyse opportunities include additives for Asphalt, Carbon Black, and Marine Fuel, providing additional growth and diversification for tthey combined company. Second, tthey merger provides us with a sustainable competitive advantage compared to ottheyr activated carbon producers by securing a high quality, domestically sourced feedstock that is low cost vertically integrated into tthey combined operations and has been shown to create high performance products that are consistently activated and extremely porous. Tthey results of product testing performed to date have been very positive, and we expect to be able to monetize tthey value of our enhanced performance as we go to market. Tthey competitive value of securing our own domestic source of bituminous feedstock is significant. As we will be tthey only North American activated carbon manufacturer that controls 100% of its primary feedstock needs. Tthey exclusive access to Arq powder and tthey fact that Arq processes for converting coal waste into Arq powder are patent protected provides a platform for maintaining a competitive cost position and long-term success. Arq powder is low cost and it is derived from coal mine waste, which is both inexpensive to obtain and abundant in quantity. Ttheyre is likely more than 30 years’ worth of feedstock material located at tthey Corbin site alone with numerous ottheyr locations in tthey US from which coal waste can be obtained and converted into Arq powder using Arq’s patent protected processes. Tthey combined company carries an attractive environmental, social and governance profile through tthey utilization of waste as a feedstock, resulting in lower Scope 1 and Scope 2 manufacturing emissions, promoting reclamation of property for future use and tthey generation of excess electricity from our current manufacturing processes that is returned to tthey grid. Thus, as activated carbon is utilized as a cleaning mechanism in products and processes throughout our everyday lives. Tthey production of ttheyse unique products will enable a first of its kind, cleaner activated carbon product, while also contributing to tthey sustainability goals and priorities of our customers. Ttheir platform for a sustainable competitive advantage through tthey expanded vertical integration of our business would not holistically be available to us exclusive of ttheir transaction. Finally, tthey merger creates a compelling and attractive financial profile to improve our long-term profitability and takes our earnings potential to a level that would not ottheyrwise be attainable if we were to continue as a single operating plant focused exclusively on producing lignite-based products. It promotes market diversification by shifting our exposure away from power generation and towards ottheyr higtheyr margin growing markets. Vertically aligning our GAC production capabilities with a vertically integrated feedstock reduces our exposure to rising raw material costs and supply chain disruptions. In addition, tthey competitive properties and cost advantages that Arq powder provides as an additive for Asphalt, Carbon Black and Marine Fuel, combined with tthey existing strategic partnerships that Arq has furttheyr increases our financial performance upside. Exclusive access to dual feedstocks, as well as leveraging our existing world class manufacturing capabilities, and existing customer base allows us to enter new markets from a position of financial and operational strength. To summarize, we believe that tthey proposed transaction with Arq provides long term strategic shareholder value by enabling commercial growth opportunities into expanded activated carbon and additional diverse markets. Creating long term cost and competitive advantages through technology, vertical integration, and environmental benefits and enhancing long term profitability through entry into higtheyr margin markets by leveraging existing operational capabilities. We're excited to move forward with Arq in ttheir combined endeavor and look forward to updating investors on its progress in tthey coming months. Finally slide 7 outlines our priorities for 2022. Our main priorities for tthey remainder of tthey year include working to achieve and efficient closing of our proposed merger with Arq, as well as continuing our efforts to enhance profitability at Red River. Ttheir involves optimizing Red River’s capacity utilization to fully capture tthey low-cost benefit of tthey plant, and managing supply and inventory tightness to tthey best of our ability. We will continue to diversify product and customer mix via growth and industrial and water markets while continuing to maintain and serve our power generation market. We will continue to seek to mitigate cost pressures stemming from inventory sourcing and supply chain challenges through methodical step ups and pricing and overall commercial terms. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us into Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Ryan Coleman  Thanks, Greg. We continue to include an invitation to submit your questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release and in yesterday afternoon earnings press release. Thank you to those of you who sent in your questions and we invite all listeners to submit ttheyir questions going forward. Our first question why merge with Arq rattheyr than a joint venture or licensing of tthey intellectual property. Greg Marken  We evaluated a number of different deal structures, but are confident that tthey merger with Arq provides tthey most value enhancing path forward. Tthey value of ttheir merger lies in tthey ownership of tthey entire combined infrastructure, which captures funding for tthey capital improvements that would be necessary to utilize any bituminous based feedstock. Tthey long-term cost advantages and security of owning tthey feedstock and production process and tthey growth opportunities available outside of activated carbon that would not ottheyrwise be available to us. As I mentioned by combining with Arq, we will be tthey only North American activated carbon producer that owns and controls its primary feedstock sources that insulate us from much of tthey price and supply risks that competitors are exposed to by purchasing feedstock on tthey open market. Ryan Coleman  Our second question, we're yet to see tthey true earnings potential of Red River as a standalone operation. So why pursue ttheir merger before getting to that point. Greg Marken  Although, we are currently operating in an environment that has provided strong demand for our lignite-based products, that may not always be tthey case, as long-term pressure on fossil generation remains in place. We need to capitalize on opportunities to expand our feedstocks, manufacturing capabilities, and in markets that we serve during ttheir period of favorable market conditions. Ttheir transaction provides tthey opportunity to diversify into producing products that address over 80% of tthey North American activated carbon market while doing so from a position of operational strength, as we have a strong customer base and a highly utilized manufacturing plant. Ttheir opportunity will allow us to continue to transform our business by serving faster growing and emerging GAC markets relative to tthey markets we currently serve, and will accelerate our long-term growth. Ryan Coleman  Our third question, how confident are you in tthey $75 million of required CapEx forecasts for tthey merged co in ttheir environment of high inflation, supply chain issues and material scarcity? Greg Marken  As with any company's capital expansion program, macroeconomic conditions including inflation, and supply chain bottlenecks can definitely impact tthey ultimate cost and timing of completed capital projects. We will closely monitor ttheyse factors and attempt to mitigate ttheym as effectively as possible through value engineering, project management and proactive sctheyduling of ttheyse expansion activities. Today, ttheir is our best estimate given tthey market conditions that exist as to what it will cost to expand and modify our Red River Plant and Arq’s Corbin plant in support of our combined business plan. Ryan Coleman  And our fourth and final question, what is tthey status of tthey necessary regulatory filings and timelines related to tthey shareholder vote? Greg Marken  As many of you probably saw, we filed tthey initial S-4 filing on November 4. Tthey standard review process with tthey SEC will occur over tthey coming weeks and months. And right now we do continue to believe that tthey shareholder vote would likely occur in Q1 of 2023. Ryan Coleman  Thanks, Greg, and thanks again to everyone who submitted questions. I'll turn tthey call back over to Greg for any closing remarks. Greg Marken  Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning. We are truly excited about tthey ways in which we have continued to improve our business over tthey past nine months both operationally and financially and believe tthey Arq merger will provide a unique opportunity to enhance our long-term growth. We look forward to updating everyone next quarter.