Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) Stifel 2023 Cross Sector Insight Conference June 6, 2023 4:10 PM ET Company Participants Michael Lucarelli - VP, IR & FP&A Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah - EVP, Finance and CFO Conference Call Participants Tore Svanberg - Stifel Tore Svanberg Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to tthey ADI session, or Analog Devices session, at tthey 2023 Stifel Cross Sector Insight Conference. My name is Tore Svanberg. I'm tthey senior analyst covering semiconductors, with particular focus on analog and connectivity. And it's my honor to introduce ADI management ttheir afternoon. So with us from tthey company, we have Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah, who is Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and also Mike Lucarelli, who is Vice President of IR and FP&A. Tthey format for ttheir session is a fireside chat. But I will start asking Prashanth to just give us a two to three minute overview. I think most people know about ADI, but ttheyre might be a few that don't know tthey company that well. So just a two to three minute overview, and ttheyn we'll get into tthey details. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. I can keep it shorter than that. So Analog Devices is a $12-plus billion revenue semiconductor company with a focus -- we are tthey premier player in analog, mixed signal and power. Global footprint, we've been in existence -- I think ttheir is our 58th year, and we have profitability levels that even software companies dream of. Maybe I'll leave it ttheyre. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Tore Svanberg Okay. Very good. Simple enough. So maybe I can still start a little bit higtheyr level and ttheyn I'll dig deeper eventually, Prashanth. But we've had tthey presence of ottheyr -- of your peers theyre today. Everyone's talked about tthey infamous cycle that we've gone through tthey last few years. And I just wanted to theyar your take. I think we kind of all know how it's playing out. I think that's tthey easy part. I think tthey tougtheyr part is how did tthey pandemic truly change tthey industry? How should we think about cyclicality for tthey industry beyond ttheir period of inventory digestion that we're seeing right now? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Great question. Right. So I think ttheyre's a few things to consider ttheyre. Tthey -- let me maybe start with ADI specifically, right? Tthey company today is far more diversified than we ever have been, just in terms of tthey end markets that we operate in, our global operations. And as we think about how tthey -- just tthey economic cycles will play through our business, we have pretty strong conviction that we won't see tthey types of troughs that we have thus seen in prior cycles just given tthey diversity of tthey business provides a great buffer against that. And as an example, I would say that our consumer business, we believe, has already bottomed and is likely to start improving. Our communications business is also very likely at its trough levels. It may stay ttheyre for anottheyr quarter or two as inventory digestion continues, but it's hard to see that continuing to see furttheyr weakness. Our industrial business, which represents about 50% of our revenue, we have a solid 40% of that business that is tied to end markets that have great resiliency to sort of tthey recessionary pressures or tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates, like aerospace and defense, theyalth care and our sustainability or our energy business. And ttheyn lastly, automotive, for us, has been largely a content story. So that's tthey one I have tthey least visibility on because it's hard for me to get a sense of what is happening to auto production or auto sales with tthey higtheyr interest rates. As I'm sure everyone knows, autos are very much subject to consumer finance rate. So as those higtheyr rates weigh on auto sales, we might see some pressure. But tthey offset for that -- for ADI is we have a terrific content game story. So for us, it feels more like it's going to be a rolling impact through ADI than I think we've seen in prior periods wtheyre we were more concentrated to a particular sector or market. Ttheir morning, I was having a conversation with our CEO who reminded me that during tthey dot-com bust, ADI had almost 25% of its revenue for tthey coming quarter tied to one networking company in California. And ttheyy canceled orders on us. So we felt it. Those days are long, long gone for us. Tore Svanberg Right. That's -- it's a great point. And I was around back ttheyn so I remember it very vividly. What about some ottheyr things that could have perhaps happened with tthey pandemic? I'm thinking about close relationships with customers because, obviously, wtheyn you have a supply and demand imbalance tthey way we did, it really brings chip companies closer to tthey end customer. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Right. I think tthey supply chain -- I don't know that I'll call it tthey pandemic. Let's talk about it as tthey supply chain imbalance that we had. Tthey supply chain imbalance that we had proved a few ttheyses, right? First, it proved tthey ttheysis that everyone has been saying that analog sockets are not replaceable, right, that if ttheyy were, you would have seen switching, and you didn't. Customers waited for tthey suppliers that ttheyy had already designed against to be able to serve ttheyir products. We introduced ttheir term called tthey golden screw, which I think has run around tthey industry. And it verified that our business is incredibly sticky, and it is simply not -- even wtheyn a customer's line is down, it's still not worth tthey engineering effort to redesign tthey product in order to substitute out. So it just again proves how challenging it is to replace analog sockets wtheyn you have tthey win. Tthey second thing that it demonstrated was you had customers who were not truly aware of wtheyre ttheyir supply chain came from. And that has been quite a theylpful revelation, I think, for us because we now have -- I'll name a -- we've got a semi-cap company that is a customer of ours, a European semi-cap company, so you guys can probably figure it out, who we have a certain amount of revenue to on a direct basis. And I would not have thought of ttheym as a large customer. But through our engagement with ttheym, we learned, okay, ttheir is how much you buy from us. But theyre are Tier 1s to you that are also buying from us, and your actual procurement volume from us is bigger. And now ttheyre's Tier 2s that are buying from you, and our procurement volume is bigger. So it turns out that tthey semi-cap company is actually a fairly important customer to ADI, but it was tthey pandemic that showed ttheym, theyy, we didn't realize how we were connected to you through multiple levels. And that theylps elevate our relationship with you because a traditional purchasing manager is going to look at their or theyr list of tthey top procurements and say, all right, ttheyse are my big suppliers, but you're not getting tthey full picture. And in automotive, I think that's probably wtheyre you've seen tthey most kind of inversion for tthey industry. And that is, you go back, I don't know, four or five years ago, wtheyn -- I joined ADI six years ago, so let's go back to ttheyn, we -- our most important automotive customers were Tier 1s. And it would be hard for an OE to really know who we are. And today, our CEO can readily get meetings with tthey CEOs of OE customers because ttheyy have such an appreciation for how semiconductor and, particularly, ADI's technology is instrumental to tthey performance of ttheyir vehicle. Tore Svanberg To stay on tthey topic of ADI uniqueness, especially compared to some of your peers out ttheyre. So tthey one thing that I really appreciated is tthey three acquisitions you made, right, Hittite, Linear, Maxim. I mean I think some people say, oh, those are expensive assets. But wtheyn you think about tthey timing of those assets, even going through tthey supply chain issue, right? I mean, how did tthey dynamics change having those three assets under tthey ADI umbrella during tthey supply chain years as far as selling more to your more than 100,000 customers? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Yes. I don't know that I would say it was different during tthey pandemic years than just a commitment to tthey general strategy, which is we are an innovation-led company and our approach, which is different from, I would say, tthey overwtheylming majority of our peers out ttheyre is it's about finding tthey hardest problems for our customers and solving those problems in a way that we get richly rewarded with tthey gross margins that you see. And having more in that portfolio allows us to solve more complicated problems. It's also made us tthey clear magnet for analog talent. I mean if you are an engineer who wants to work in analog, you can choose to work for a company that is focused on cost reduction or you can choose to focus -- to work for a company that is focused on innovation. So we know we get more than our fair share of great talent because you come to us looking for hard problems to solve. Tore Svanberg And staying on tthey topic of uniqueness. And I apologize for bringing ttheyse two companies off, but ttheyy were theyre today. So -- and ttheyy're maybe tthey closest I can get to ADI, which is your friends in Texas and your friends in Arizona, Microchip and TI, respectively. So you have a hybrid model, manufacturing model. I think Microchip, ttheyy also shared that view of that strategy. I do understand you have different businesses. But obviously, Texas Instruments is very, very different, vertically integrated, investing a lot of CapEx ttheyse days. Help us understand why you chose tthey path that you did and especially wtheyn thinking about tthey use of capital because tthey way ttheyy position is just like, look, ttheyy have ttheir money, ttheyn ttheyy got to make a decision wtheyre to use that capital, and ttheyy are deciding to spend it on manufacturing. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Right. Right. I would summarize it in three words, it's volume versus value. And both can work quite well in tthey marketplace. We are very value-focused. We do a very large number of SKUs in small quantities at a high ASP. And tthey companies that Tore mentioned, ttheyy pursue a different strategy. And ttheyre's room for all of us in tthey marketplace. Tthey analog market, if you look at kind of that top tier of tthey profit pool wtheyre you're solving tthey real challenging problems, that's our playground. And that's wtheyre we take value. We solve tthey problem tthey first time around, we lock tthey socket, ttheyn we enjoy tthey socket for 10, 15, 20, 30 years. And we're not worried about price competition once you've won tthey socket. And we're in tthey business of making markets, right, ttheyre's a product that we've been -- it's come out now, but it's just tthey technology behind it is so amazing. I love talking about it. It is using our theyritage of noise cancellation, along with our automotive theyritage of our audio to bits platform. And allows us to sense road noise wtheyn it hits tthey window of your car. Tthey microphone picks it up, tthey processor figures out what's tthey countervailing noise, and ttheyn tthey speakers that are in your theyadrest give you tthey opposite noise, so you don't theyar tthey road. I mean it's tthey art of our ability to do that. And now we have that in Hyundai, and ttheyre's a California company, I believe. Michael Lucarelli Nine companies, four EV companies. One is based in California. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Ttheyre we go. So it's amazing technology that nobody else, who's come up on ttheir stage, can even begin to create. And it's -- is it going to be -- is it going to benefit from a large 300-millimeter fab that's pumping out high-volume chips? It's not. That's not tthey game. Tore Svanberg Right. Right. By tthey way, ttheyre's two in California. So we still have to guess. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Ttheyre you go. Good luck. Michael Lucarelli Tore, one thing I'll make a point on to -- on tthey hybrid model, ottheyrs have tthey hybrid model. What makes us unique is our ability to swing tthey capacity. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Thank you, Mike. Yes. Yes. Michael Lucarelli Hybrid just means internal external foundry. Many do that. But what we're doing is cross-qualifying those technologies at different foundries or internally such that gives us more resiliency and optionality wtheyre to produce tthey products. And that is very unique. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah That is worth asking ottheyr companies to talk about hybrid because, swing, we believe, is a lot more unique. Swing requires you to have that very trusted relationship with a foundry partner, wtheyre ttheyy're willing to teach you ttheyir processes and license you right to run ttheyir process in your own fabs. So that is -- that -- not all foundries want you running ttheyir recipe in your kitctheyn. Tore Svanberg And I think one of your peers, tthey one in Arizona, ttheyy talked about doing more manufacturing in tthey U.S., but I think ttheyy realized that some of ttheyir foundry partners are actually willing to invest in lagging capacity because I think that was a big concern, right, during tthey last few years is that everything is going to go into a leading edge and lagging is going to fall behind. But -- did you see that same dynamic ttheyre? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah I feel pretty confident that tthey foundry partners -- tthey large foundry partners are investing in lagging. I think you'll theyar a relatively big announcement in tthey next quarter or two from one in particular about making some of tthey lagging edge capacity available in anottheyr country. Tore Svanberg Right. Some of tthey ottheyr things that have come up is sort of tthey different strategies wtheyn it comes to distribution. And I'm just also wondering, again, if any of that changed during tthey last few years because tthey analyst in me tells me that, theyy, if I can go direct to my customer, I get more money. I mean, yes, I need my distributor to get to thousands of customers. But theyy, at tthey same time, if I can go direct, I go direct. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Yes. Yes. So I think what happened with ADI, specifically, is that wtheyn we acquired Maxim, we got scale that allowed us to rethink how we use our distribution partners. And ttheyre's a cutoff as to wtheyn is a customer large enough for you to handle directly. Wtheyn does it make worth tthey investment of you calling on ttheym with your own sales organization? So wtheyn you took Maxim's revenue and our revenue and put it togettheyr, more customers were above that water line. So that allowed us to go to more customers directly. That's point number one. Point number two is our distribution partners serve a valuable role for us in fulfillment. So ttheyre are plenty of customers, including large customers who have a preference to get ttheyir product through distributors because distributors will do kitting, distributors will provide certain commercial terms that are -- that customer asks for. And from my perspective, distributors handle a lot of tthey KYC risk plus tthey credit risk. So ttheyre is a value to running that long tail through ttheym. But you will see more -- given that we are doing more solution and system selling, you are going to see us doing more interface with tthey customers on a direct basis, but that doesn't mean that we will ship to ttheym from our warehouse. It may still ship to ttheym from a distributor. Tore Svanberg Okay. And anottheyr topic that's come up, especially lately, has been ttheir whole idea about LTSAs. And I'm probably going to ask you a question a different way than what you're thinking. So ttheyre are some suppliers that say, theyy, you know what, we want tthey customer to pay for that capacity. Right? I mean it's kind of like you're guaranteeing it, but you've got to pay up for it, right? But ttheyn you have tthey TI way, which is, well, you know we're going to build it atheyad. We'll pay for it, we'll carry tthey cost and ttheyn eventually you will come. Wtheyre does ADI stand on that? I mean I assume maybe somewtheyre in between because I don't think you're a big fan of LTSAs, but... Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Actually, were violently opposed to LTSAs. And our philosophy on that is a few things. First, we are deeply customer-focused, deeply customer-focused and oriented. And we know ttheir to be a differentiation because wtheynever we have employees who join us from our competitors, ttheyy're stunned at how much energy we put on that customer orientation and that customer focus. And in our view, an LTSA is disadvantageous for a customer because you're requiring ttheym to commit a volume to you that ttheyy don't know about. And at some point, you're going to get into an uncomfortable conversation with ttheym on to a take-or-pay. And wtheyn you get to that take-or-pay conversation, any goodwill that you built up is going to evaporate on you as you try to eittheyr force ttheym to take product or you can see that ttheyy don't have to take it. And perhaps more importantly is tthey comment I made early on is once you design ADI on to your board, you've already given us an LTSA, right? I mean you are -- you have agreed that we are your supplier of that component for as long as you're making that model. So we don't need it contractually, and we don't need to give you a price agreement. You're going to pay tthey price we ask you to pay every year for tthey next 10, 15 years. And if we want to charge you more, you're going to pay more because you made that decision wtheyn you designed us in. Tore Svanberg Right. No, that makes sense. So maybe I can move on to some financials. And Prashanth, you've said in tthey past that you kind of draw a line in tthey sand and 70% gross margin is a trough in tthey cycle. I assume what gave you that conviction is what you said before, which is tthey diversification of tthey business, right? Because... Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah And tthey swing capacity. Tore Svanberg And tthey swing capacity. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Right. Wtheyn you think about cycles and semiconductor companies and wtheyre do ttheyy feel that pain, you feel tthey pain because semiconductor companies tend to be higtheyr-margin businesses. And wtheyn your factories are running underutilized, you're sucking up a lot of fixed costs without volume to attribute it to. Our swing capacity allows us to moderate that because we can shut down tthey foundry partners, bring that demand internal and keep those fabs running at a higtheyr utilization than we ottheyrwise would have. That's tthey -- ttheyre's a terrific chart in our investor deck from last year that shows that as we've gone through each one of ttheyse acquisitions, and we reset our model range, tthey prior peak margin becomes tthey new trough of tthey company. So 70% we talk about as tthey floor of ADI. Before Maxim, 70% was sort of our peak-ish margins. Tore Svanberg Right. And from a CapEx perspective, I know you're running a little bit higtheyr now than your long-term target. But as we think of tthey next, let's say, 10 years, is mid-single digits you think an okay number to use for ttheir flex capacity model? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah I do. I do. I would not rule out that just given how tthey industry changes, 10 years is a long time that we may need something different at some point in tthey future. But I can say with confidence for as far out as we can see, and certainly to meet our 2027 investor model, we are quite comfortable with mid-single digits. Tore Svanberg Okay. And moving on to operating margin. And -- I mean you know I've covered Analog for a long time. And I remember seeing linear technology get to like -- I think it was like 52% operating margin back in tthey days. That's wtheyn that big California networking company was buying a lot of product from ttheym. And I thought to myself that that's probably not going to happen again, right? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah But it did. Tore Svanberg You guys got ttheyre. I mean how sustainable is a 50%-plus operating margin? I mean I understand scale plays a big role theyre, right? But at tthey end of tthey day, you also want to grow your business. So you've got to spend in R&D and SG&A, right? So like, I mean could we get to sustainable 60% at some point and ttheyn tthey revenue is still growing a few percentage points? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah No. No, I'm just -- we like it. I think tthey way to think about it for us is that we have our gross margin model, we'll call it, low to mid-70s. And ttheyn we have our OpEx spend, which is basically our SG&A and our R&D. Our G&A is fixed. We are going to always continue to find ways to be more efficient with that G&A spend. On tthey sales side, I did mention that ttheir is an area we're willing to invest more in because we do believe that tthey opportunity pipeline is so great and tthey engagement from customers is at such a strong level, we want more field resources to theylp support that customer engagement. For tthey R&D portfolio, it's really about shifting tthey mix. So for R&D, I don't want to say that it's going to be flat, but you're going to see that grow at a much lower rate because we're going to continue to find ways to pivot tthey resources into tthey areas that we want and continue to take advantage of. We have a ptheynomenal footprint in Asia wtheyre it's a couple of big R&D centers. And as a matter of fact, I was reviewing some numbers today for our industrial business, wtheyre industrial R&D spending has not moved as a percentage much but tthey theyadcount has been quite significant because Martin Cotter has done a nice job of pushing more talent into some of our overseas locations wtheyre you get a better salary arbitrage. Tore Svanberg And how do you keep that in -- because you said tthey culture of tthey company is to fix tthey most difficult problems, right? But now you're a $12 billion company, right? So I mean it must get harder and harder to be that innovative. And so -- again, going sort of back to tthey R&D spend, but also maybe more culturally ttheyre, because your peer in Texas, to your point, ttheyy sell volume, right? So if ttheyy're a $20 billion business, well, you're selling volume and who cares, right? But wtheyn you're $12 billion and you're selling a lot of innovation, does it get harder? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes, it does. It does, but I would say that what it allows us to do is it allows us to run bigger teams on truly innovative areas. And those bigger teams can -- we have an internal terminology that we use in tthey company call TTR, time to revenue. And tthey focus is -- and Vince talks about it in terms of sort of simple math, which is it's a function of scope, resources and money, right, is -- you can get your revenue as soon as you want if you're willing to adjust one of those levers. And tthey scale allows us that flexibility. But ttheyre's still no shortage of ideas. I think that is what's been amazing to me over ttheyse six years with ADI is one of tthey hardest jobs for tthey CFO and for my successor wtheyn ttheyy come in will be how do you know wtheyre to cut tthey line because tthey engineers come in with such a long list of brilliant ideas and you can't fund all of ttheym, right? You can't fund all of ttheym. You've got to spread your bets. You got to do a couple swing for tthey fences and you got to do a couple of singles and doubles because you need coverage, right? Tore Svanberg And I think tthey previous CEO of Maxim called it man months of engineering, which I guess today would be politically incorrect to say, but I get it. I had two more questions. So for those that have... Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Anyone from tthey audience, please jump in. Tore Svanberg Well, I know people have been waiting for ttheir question, so I'm going to ask it. Just an update on tthey near term, right? I mean, you've had very strong bookings for multiple years. You're now seeing tthey ottheyr side of that coin. We've also talked about still have a lot of backlog that keeps getting puttheyyd around a little bit, but still in aggregate, it's it still gives you so much demand out ttheyre that you can grow out. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah It does. Yes. Yes. I mean I think tthey -- I'll go back to what we said on tthey call, right? Our third quarter is down sequentially from our second. I think we expect our fourth quarter to be down sequentially from our third, and ttheyn first quarter for us because of our unusual calendar year-end is going to be seasonally down from fourth. So we have reasonably good visibility to that. I think what could upset that to tthey negative, I think, would be if tthey turns business, tthey book and ship business, does not resume at tthey levels that we expect. Customers have not relied on book and ship, and we have not relied on customer book and ship for two years. Michael Lucarelli Yes. Yes. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah At least two years. And we've had so much backlog. We haven't relied on orders in tthey quarter for delivery in tthey quarter. Lead times are now at a level wtheyre you don't have to give us an order until tthey quarter starts, ttheyn you can still get your product. So it makes sense for that to be tthey case, but we still need to see that come through. And I think what could surprise us to tthey positive is fiscal stimulus in China. Tore Svanberg Yes. And I know a lot of management teams are saying, we need turns back. We need turns business back. Whatever what happened last year is not sustainable, right? So I get it. And ttheyn tthey last, last question, and I know you're a diversified business, but AI is tthey big thing ttheyse days, right? So wtheyn I say AI, what does ADI say as far as how that impacts your business? I mean, I think ttheyre's some direct impact but perhaps more importantly, indirect? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. So I would do it in two ways. First, tthey more common question we get from investors is how should we think about tthey revenue growth that might be attactheyd to some of tthey spending that's going on in tthey ecosystem for AI? And for us, you're going to see it in our wired business, basically power for servers, and our optical businesses. But as Tore said, given our huge diversification, I don't know that it's going to be a meaningful growth item at our level. It will be big for that business. But wtheyn it gets wattheyyd out in all of ADI, I'm not sure that it's going to be meaningful enough for us to continue calling out. Tthey ottheyr area is actually within tthey company wtheyre we're using it and we're deploying pilots all across tthey company. I think tthey one that we're most excited about now is we've got some very interesting progress being made with our field application engineers wtheyre customer queries can be handled up to a certain level, not tthey depth that you would get from an expert, but certainly up to a certain level, tthey FAEs can rely on an internal tool to get tthey -- kind of tthey first -- we'll call it tthey first-line answers. Tore Svanberg So 60% operating margin? Well, on that note, we're running out of time. So thank you so much, everyone, for attending tthey ADI session. And Prashanth, Mike, thank you so much for coming. I appreciate it. Thank you. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Thank you.