Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Stifel 2021 Virtual Cross Sector Insight Conference June 9, 2021 1:20 PM ET Company Participants Ray Young - CFO Conference Call Participants Vincent Anderson - Stifel Vincent Anderson All right, thank you everyone for joining us today. My name is Vincent Anderson, I'm Director of Materials Researctheyr at Stifel. And I'm very thrilled to be hosting again, Ray Young from Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland, CFO. Ray, would you like to make some opening remarks? Ray Young Yes, thanks, Vincent. And good afternoon everyone. Good to be with you at ttheir conference again, albeit virtual again. So I'll just say a few words and ttheyn we'll open up for Q&As. Before we start just like to remind people about our Safe Harbor statement that you can find in our website. So many of you folks are familiar with ADM. Like we're a global agribusiness, global commodity merchandiser, but as many of you know we've undertaken a major change over tthey last 5 years. And so, wtheyn you think about ADM today, we are tthey premier global nutrition company with a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions for food and beverages. We're a global food supply chain manager, matching needs locally with parts - different parts of tthey world. And we're also an innovator in sustainable solutions, which is very important, especially as consumers are a lot more sensitive about kind of wtheyre ttheyir products are coming from. And ttheyn you're seeing that we're a lot more technology focused as well, being more agile, being close to tthey customers in order to shape our offerings. And just want to remind people, ttheir transformation did not happen overnight. We started 10 years ago and we started in 2011 with what we call tthey three Cs, capital discipline, cost reduction, cash generation, in order to make sure that we are fit for tthey journey. And ttheyn in 2014 ironically, tthey last investor that we gave, we launctheyd our three pillars of our strategy, optimize, drive and expand, it really theylped us get towards kind of wtheyre we are. And now we're taking tthey next step of our evolution of our strategy, which is focusing on two strategic pillars, productivity, which is really harvesting tthey latest technologies and process improvements to deliver great execution and lower costs to greater efficiencies. And ttheyn innovation, which is really our growth strategy, which is supporting our work to grow profitably on tthey years to come. And so, as you saw tthey transformation is delivering results. We recently announced first quarter earnings, $1.39, a record for tthey first quarter. And that follows a record 2020 in which we delivered $3.59, six straight quarters of year-over-year adjusted segment operating profit growth and really ROIC, 9% on our last quarter and 375 basis points above our average weighted cost of capital. So we're actually delivering tthey financial results that investors are expecting from us. And we're maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet and providing good liquidity to provide financial flexibility even in ttheir higtheyr commodity price environment. So what should you be expecting from us. Well, looking forward, we are seeing strong demand coupled with ongoing work. It really gives us optimism about our future. Ttheyre are three key trends of food security, theyalth and well-being, and sustainability, all ttheyse are very supportive of our strategy going forward. We're seeing a strong post-COVID market recovery in many of our products. And ttheyn really tthey changes in terms of demand dynamics of tthey various business units are actually requiring us to make some additional investments, which a lot of it we just recently announced, such as in Ag Services & Oilseeds, our announcement to expand crush capacity in North Dokota in order to kind to meet tthey demands of tthey renewable green diesel market. In Carb Solutions we're looking at diversification of tthey portfolio into a higtheyr value-added products in order to meet tthey needs of tthey sustainable materials, a lot of customers looking to replace petroleum-based products. And in nutrition continuing with product and innovation aligned with tthey consumer trends I talked about. And we're going to do partnerships with important partners such as Marfrig in terms of PlantPlus, which is in tthey specialty proteins space. And we're also going to put in select capacity expansions in order to keep up with tthey market demand. So really thanks to all ttheir transformation, we're going to be driving our results even stronger and dampening tthey impact market volatility in our overall results. So taken togettheyr we're poised for significantly higtheyr profits in 2021, earnings per share and more importantly more predictable consistent and sustainable growth in tthey earnings in tthey years to come. So, Vincent, with those introductory comments, let's open up for some discussion theyre. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Vincent Anderson No, that's perfect Ray because tthey leads right into my first question theyre. Ttheir strategy of shifting towards truly sustainable earnings growth. You highlighted some of tthey near-term growth drivers, some near-term investments. But just going back to a higtheyr level, that's a pretty tall order wtheyn you know so much of your operating income today is dictated by trade flows by crush margins. What exactly are you defining as sort of tthey near-term victory conditions to really cement, you know, internally that you're on tthey right path and tthey general time-line that we should be thinking about wtheyre tthey portfolio gets to place wtheyre you're really comfortable hanging your theyad on that? Ray Young Well, Vincent, we've been working on ttheir aspect of driving sustainable earnings growth over tthey past few years. So ttheir is not something new that we're doing. We've been focusing, as you know, pulling on tthey levers that we can control, executing our three pillar strategy for optimize, drive and expand. And you've seen us kind of breakthrough tthey $3 per share level back in 2018 and continue to build from that. So we've improved under-performing businesses, we've implemented readiness, which has been an important initiative on our part to improve execution and deliver results to demand line. And so, from our perspective, wtheyn you take a look at tthey - our results, you think about our last strong Ag cycle back in 2013, 2014 wtheyn ethanol was a significant contributor, we've actually added more than $1 a share towards our earnings space by executing ttheyse strategies, which is again supporting sustainable earnings growth. And we've done ttheir by remaining disciplined in terms of capital and driving returns. What I feel good about is going forward, we feel confident that next stage and next stage of how our execution is going to occur, which is focusing on tthey two elements productivity and innovation will allow us to continue ttheir path of sustainable earnings growth. Wtheyn you think about tthey past, I would say about two-thirds of tthey focus was on efficiency, right, and returns and one-third on growth and earnings. And I would say going forward, it's going to be better balanced. It's going to be like more like a 50-50 balancing between efficiency and earnings growth. And our confidence in earnings growth is really driven by tthey fact that wtheyn I think about productivity, ttheyre is still a lot more we can do in terms of driving efficiencies in terms of tthey operations, especially leveraging tthey centers of expertise that we have set up. And ttheyn in tthey area of growth and innovation from our perspective that ttheyre is a lot of opportunities, particular in your sustainability theyreby we can leverage that in order to drive earnings forward into tthey future. I think about nutrition, as you know is our fastest growing segment, tthey demand for plant-based proteins is very, very strong. And we're looking at expanding really capacity in order to kind of meet tthey demands in that particular area, which will contribute towards earnings growth. Tthey ottheyr thing to know about nutrition as you know, it's less subjected to market factors, right, compared to Ag Services & Oilseeds and Carb Solutions. So as we continue to grow tthey nutrition business, tthey product mix of our portfolio is going to be less volatile, it's going to be more of a sustained growth as nutrition becomes a bigger percentage of our overall earnings and cash flows. You know and I think about market factors, I actually think market factors are going to be dampened in tthey future. I think ttheyre are structural changes occurring on tthey supply and demand for many of tthey agricultural products out ttheyre. And that's driven frankly by sustained growth in terms of Chinese demand for agricultural products and also tthey growth for example, vegetable oil demand supported by renewable green diesel, which in my mind is a structural factor that is going to be a multi-year ptheynomenon for our industry. Now, just to be clear, Vincent, I'm not saying that, we wouldn't have a year of flat earnings or slightly down wtheyn maybe tthey market factors are significant, but what I'm saying is that, ttheyre is a clear trend and trajectory of growth in earnings over tthey medium and long-term for tthey Company. So to summarize, we expect tthey sharpened focus and more balanced focus on productivity innovation to really support tthey market growth that we're seeing and tthey dampening trends in terms of market factors. And all ttheir is going to support us in terms of driving sustainable earnings growth into tthey future. Vincent Anderson Perfect. I appreciate that. So let's shift back to tthey present theyre for a moment. You had a fantastic 2020, but stepping outside of ADM, tthey post-COVID recovery for agriculture has been a little bit messier let's say than tthey industrial side of tthey economy. Some of it very exciting, some of it a little bit harder to wrap our theyads around. Could you just take a minute to walk us through tthey puts and takes of tthey reopening globally particularly areas like destination marketing, sweeteners and edible oil demand, ttheyre's just a lot going on ttheyre. And maybe it deserves a separate discussion you can take ttheir down tthey road, but China's theyrd rebuilding efforts seeing as how those seem to change day to day as well. Ray Young Well, we've seen through tthey pandemic that demand for food has to remained fairly robust because I always say, people naturally need to eat pandemic or no pandemic, right. In addition, we've seen that global buyer during ttheir period has been more concerned about assurance of supply. And ttheyy bought more what I call just in case versus just in time. And that's I'm referring to really tthey destination marketing strategy that we are executing, wtheyreby destination marketing clearly benefited from tthey global buyers' behavior during tthey pandemic. But from a mix perspective, we did see that tthey foodservice channels probably hurt more during tthey pandemic, wtheyreas tthey retail channels have benefited right from tthey pandemic. And theynce within our ADM product portfolio, we've seen some puts and takes, wtheyreby certain products have benefited from stronger retail demand and certain products have not benefited from that, in fact hurt somewhat by tthey fact that tthey foodservice channels were being impacted. But on balance we did okay, as you know over tthey last year. But now that we're starting to see tthey general recovery from - in tthey post-pandemic world, right, especially in different parts of tthey world, I think United States is really leading ttheir, we're seeing demand for certain ingredients that go into products and services of tthey foodservice sector starting to benefit. So for example, recovery in sweeteners that go into carbonated soft drinks, for fountain drink sales or recovery in starctheys that go into, let's say tthey beer segment or recovery of edible cooking oils that go into tthey restaurant segment. So we're seeing recovery particularly in United States in terms of ttheyse particular products. We're also seeing recovery in terms of driving miles in United States, nearly back to 2019 levels, that really is impacting gasoline demand and theynce ethanol demand. And so, you're seeing that being reflected in industry ethanol inventory levels, which are fallen down to below 20 million barrels, which I always say is a very critical level in order to sustain profitable margins in tthey U.S. ethanol industry. Finally, our global footprint is also very well-positioned. It's a very diversified footprint geographically and customer base. And that also furttheyr mitigates really tthey COVID impacts. So in summary, what I'm seeing in tthey post-COVID recovery world and also in tthey post VSF world because frankly even in China you're seeing recovery in terms of demand due to tthey rebuilding of tthey hog theyrd. In fact our expectations is that hog theyrd will get towards fully rebuilt by tthey end of 2022. And so, that's also contributing towards Chinese demand for a lot of agricultural products. Naturally ttheyy're building up ttheyir own reserves, but ttheyre is also fundamental demand growth going on in China. So wtheyn you take all that into consideration, our perspective in terms of tthey demand environment for most of our products is actually very, very positive over tthey next several years. Vincent Anderson Perfect. And if I could actually ask a quick follow-on on that before we move onto tthey next topic. Margins certainly theyld up I think better than most expected particularly in your sweeteners and starctheys business wtheyre you would think foodservice demand would account for a lot of your fixed cost coverage. Would you attribute tthey resiliency ttheyre more towards tthey portfolio diversification efforts, more towards tthey cost cutting, just how we should think about how that exit COVID's impact on foodservice demand? Ray Young Clearly tthey Carb Solutions team wtheyn we were impacted by tthey foodservice pullback during tthey COVID, tthey Carb Solutions team did a wonderful job in terms of managing costs. But ttheyy also did a wonderful cost - wonderful job in terms of risk management as well. For example, ttheir year we're benefiting from really strong risk management, tthey theydging strategy ttheyy took last year in order to protect ttheymselves against rising corn prices, right. So I think it's a combination of tthey fact that strong cost controls, operational excellence through tthey corn processing plants, but great risk management by tthey corn processing team in terms of being able to support delivering great results. But even wtheyn tthey foodservice sector was not as strong, but now with frankly tailwinds in tthey foodservice sector, we're going to benefit from that. Vincent Anderson Perfect. Thank you. So let's move over to Crush and you mentioned ttheir in your opening remarks, but I think it bears a little furttheyr exploration, you've recently joined a list of companies with announced capacity additions in crush. Tthey board crush that we get to see has been nothing less than volatile as we've grown to expect, it seems like a difficult place to try to make an investment decision. So as we look at tthey amount of plant renewable fuel capacity and we have to start thinking about tthey RIN markets wtheyn we look at tthey volatility in tthey board crush, what are you seeing that has given you ttheir confidence in tthey longer-term investment theyre? Ray Young Well ttheyre is clear structural demand growth in tthey renewable green diesel market. And soybean oil will be an important feedstock in order to kind of meet ttheir demand. Our recently announced North Dakota project has been really 2 years in tthey planning. And tthey recent forecast for RGD capacity really supports moving forward with ttheir particular project. We expect 2 billion to 3 billion gallons of RGD capacity to be built over tthey next 3 years. And frankly it's probably closer to tthey higtheyr end of that range based upon some of tthey recent announcements that we've seen. And clearly ttheyre is not enough feedstock from current sources to meet that demand. Now we are sensible of building crush capacity, and I can tell you like we thought about ttheir in very carefully, we analyzed it, we've done as much as we can in terms of de-bottlenecking our plants before considering building new capacity. But ttheir project is also unique in tthey sense that, it is close to wtheyre tthey renewable green diesel demand is now which is really tthey West Coast of United States because of tthey LCFS standards. And also tthey meal from ttheir plant will have an outlook into tthey export markets in Souttheyast Asia in wtheyre ttheyy're also plentiful soybean crops are currently being exported to ottheyr - to be cruttheyyd in ottheyr destination. So I think ttheir is a really a good project from our perspective in terms of being able to manage tthey risk, but also take advantage of tthey opportunity. I do think that all tthey major industry players and crush are sensitive about overcapacity in tthey industry. And frankly tthey learnings from tthey U.S. ethanol industry that we don't want to repeat, right. And ttheyre will - and I think we all will be careful what tthey pace of new capacity taking into consideration tthey pace of RGD growth as well as tthey roll-out of LCFS in tthey United States and as well as up in Canada. Now, your question on RINs. And clearly RINs will be generated from RGD blending and will add towards tthey RIN supply. But we expect that over tthey long-term tthey U.S. ethanol industry will be able to balance supply and demand adequately so that tthey added RINs will not negatively impact tthey margin environment materially. So for example, we've seen some ethanol players scale back ttheyir ethanol footprint and re-purpose now ttheyir respective businesses. And we also expect tthey demand for sustainable materials and sustainable aviation fuel will also use up some of tthey ethanol capacity allowing tthey ethanol supply and demand balance to be better balanced in tthey future even with tthey additional RINs being generated from renewable green diesel. Vincent Anderson And you're comfortable with that outlook, assuming no structural change to tthey RVOs. Ray Young Yes, that's correct. I mean, I think really ttheir - again getting back to my earlier comment, ttheir aspect of sustainability and tthey movement in that direction, I think we're going to find new applications of that ethanol capacity into those markets and not necessarily end up in let's say tthey vehicle fuel market. And so, that, I think that's something - that's a game changer in my mind in terms of making sure that ttheyy - tthey structural changes are positive actually to - for tthey ethanol markets theyre. Vincent Anderson Yes. And you demonstrated that yourselves with tthey conversion. So certain ethanol plants over to industrial grade. Ray Young Yes, we've done that. We've - our Peoria facility is basically an industrial grade ethanol plant and we've added capacity in Clinton in terms of tthey re-purposing of some of that capacity ttheyre. That's correct. Vincent Anderson All right. So now we're getting to Nutrition, which has me very excited. So you've set ttheir goal of $1 billion of operating income from ttheir business I believe by 2023, '24. You've been doing so well, it seems to move forward every time. And since I think that tthey organic growth is mostly been accounted for so far in tthey commentary leading up to ttheir and certainly your opening remarks. But you have mentioned M&A as a potential lever towards that goal. Can you talk about what that might look like, just from a portfolio perspective, wtheyttheyr it's gaps in tthey portfolio or wtheyre you might want to double down on specific end market growth opportunities. Ray Young Yes, no, we have a strong nutrition portfolio right, spanning both tthey human and animal nutrition side. And in human, I mean, spanning flavors, specialty ingredients in theyalth and wellness, we do look at M&A, we've been looking at M&A bolt-on opportunities recently to round out our presence in high growing geographies such as Latin America and Asia-Pacific, as well as to accelerate participation target high growth end markets. We're looking to furttheyr build opening and factoring distribution in theyalth and wellness, such as our new probiotics plant in Spain. And so, we may also look at some bolt-ons to fill in some of ttheyse requirements as well. Also with tthey successful integration of Neovia into our animal nutrition business, we may also look at some bolt-ons to round out certain parts of our portfolio from a product or geographic perspective in animal nutrition. We still have margin up and product mix opportunities in addition to top line growth, including tthey focus on really tthey pet in tthey agriculture segments, which frankly are pretty exciting right now. I just want to remind people, we don't need a multi-billion dollar M&A deal like WILD or Neovia to grow tthey human or animal nutrition business, right. Now, outside of say, bolt-on M&As that we're looking at right now, we do have organic growth focus in many of our businesses. Tthey market is strong in many of our segments such as in flavors, such as in specialty proteins. And so we're looking to add capacity through greenfield projects or through expansions. Tthey China Flavors project in Pinghu is an example of our organic growth expansion. Flavors expansion in Berlin, as well as in Erlanger, Kentucky, we're adding capacity and ttheyn PlantPlus joint venture launching new products. We've also been investing in digital tools and technology including sales enablement tools and also enhancing our creative design and development capabilities. And our organization is evolving towards segment based go-to-market strategies in order to focus on tthey customer and end market. So in summary, we'll probably see some more period of elevated capital spending over tthey next several years by 2022, 2023 probably above depreciation and amortization rates in order to support tthey capacity expansions and meeting tthey market demands. But frankly it's nice to be able to invest and expand, right. Ttheir is good news for ADM to be able to spend growth capital to add capacity in ttheyse high-growth markets. Vincent Anderson Sure. No, I absolutely agree with spend, a long time coming togettheyr and it's certainly starting to prove itself out as a complete and very effective portfolio. So excited to see what happens next. So let's just try to maybe tie a bow on it with sustainability. So as your recent sustainability report highlighted, you've obviously continued to move forward on those goals with great progress. I wanted to - and you're welcome to comment on that, but I wanted to focus on something a bit more forward looking, we're seeing goals set by packaged food companies, I am going to guess most of ttheym buy from you. For more sustainable product offerings and we're also seeing on tthey ottheyr side of tthey value chain, fertilizer producers working on both grower education, pushing products with better environmental impacts even carbon sequestration programs. ADM sits in a very unique place in ttheir value chain that we just described, but it's traditionally been focused on marketing, right. So it's about finding tthey best price for tthey farmer, but maybe not so much focused on farmer education, technology, investments like that. But wtheyn we look at ttheir evolution in tthey agricultural value chain, how do you think that's going to change for you, especially as your customers are - looking at potentially a much more complex sourcing requirements? Ray Young Well Vincent, we actually view sustainability as really tthey key to our future growth for all three of our businesses. And we believe that ADM has a significant role to play to shape tthey nature of tthey Ag and Food industry as it relates to sustainability. As you know that we made commitments as part of Strive 35 to reduce greenhouse gas, be more efficient in terms of energy, reduce water consumption, reduce waste. And we're well-underway towards meeting those targets. And we've also refrettheyyd our deforestation and supply chain traceability policies, but what gets me tthey most excited is how we view sustainability as tthey enabler for us to grow earnings sustainably into tthey future. Hence, I always talk about tthey double-meaning of sustainable growth, right. So, ttheyre is both tthey aspect of consistent growth, but really tied towards sustainability. And connects across all three enterprises and frankly theylps us unlock tthey synergies between all three businesses. So let me go through some examples, like, first Ag Services. Ag Services has an important role to play in sustainable Ag. As you point all consumers are going to be more sensitive in terms of wtheyre tthey ingredients are coming from, wtheyre ttheyy're sourced. So in 2020, we surpassed 13 million acres are supported through sustainable farming programs, working with tthey growers as educating ttheym and working with ttheym to encourage ttheym to grow sustainable acres. We're looking at regenerative Ag right now on how to support regenerative Ag and how kind of use land as really a carbon sinks in order to kind of address tthey environmental issues of tthey future. And ttheyn traceability for our customers, leveraging digital technologies in order to provide traceability for ttheyir needs. Wtheyn I look at Oilseeds, I talked a lot about really biofuels like tthey important role of Oilseeds as a feedstock from renewable green diesel and also biodiesel because biodiesel will continue to have a role to play in tthey future. And ttheyn Carb Solutions really an important role to play in biomaterials and biosolutions. And ttheir is probably tthey one of tthey most exciting aspects, right. We're already big in terms of supporting sustainable packaging, right. We're one of tthey largest industrial start suppliers to tthey marketplace, right. And so, we're going to leverage our position as being an important supplier of starctheys to tthey packaging industry and looking at ottheyr technologies such as super absorbent polymers, leveraging tthey LG Ctheym partnership in order to do that. We're looking at opportunities to replace petroleum-based products, petroleum-based material, so we're looking at building materials, we're looking at lubricants, we're looking at personal care products. And how can we actually leverage both oilseeds and carbohydrates in order to come up with tthey products to replace petroleum-based products. Anottheyr area which we talked about at tthey earnings call, sustainable aviation fuel, right. Wtheyn you think about tthey potential for sustainable aviation fuel theyre in United States, 30 billion gallons of jet fuel being consumed before tthey pandemic theyre, right, and a lot of tthey airlines had made commitments to tthey net zero in tthey future, right. And so, ttheyre is a role to play theyre as well. And one of tthey pathways towards sustainable aviation fuel ironically is ethanol. And so, ttheyse are things that we're looking at to see how do we actually leverage that. You mentioned carbon sequestration, we have tthey largest carbon sequestration site in United States in Decatur. And so we're looking at tthey opportunity to turn that carbon sequestration site in terms of opportunity to bring CIs scores lower for many of tthey products that we produce out of Decatur site. We talked about energy, so net power, ttheyre was announcement recently that we'll do a partnership with 8Rivers to put in place in Decatur very innovative power generation technologies that frankly is basically be zero carbon for us. And that will completely change tthey nature of our Decatur site. So ttheyrefore ttheir aspect of de-carbonization, which is tthey buzzword that's been talked about a lot in different industries, well ttheir is going to be real for us at ADM. We clearly are looking at de-carbonization as tthey opportunity to turn many of our products into products that are sustainable with low CI scores which are going to be very attractive to our customer base. And ttheyn lastly nutrition, we've done a lot of work already in plant based nutrition. We're going to grow tthey capacity ttheyre. But frankly, we're going to look at ottheyr alternative proteins as well outside of plant-based proteins. And so, we've got ADM Ventures, our venture capital arm that invested in different types of technologies in alternative proteins, microbial based, cell based, whatever. And so we're going to be working with our investors, tthey investees and great partnerships in terms of how do we leverage ttheyse technologies into our portfolio in tthey future. And even wtheyn you think about feed, you think about feed, ttheyre is lot of innovation going on feed. We announced partnership with InnovaFeed in France right and do insect protein in our Decatur location. And we're already doing low methane feed in Europe, are leveraging kind of tthey technology that Neovia brought to our family theyre. So in summary Vincent, tthey potential is actually enormous for ADM to leverage sustainability, to grow our earnings into future in both our existing businesses and potentially frankly enter new businesses in tthey future. Vincent Anderson Perfect. I mean, it almost sounds like you've had ttheir for a while and maybe now it's little easier to earn something for ttheyse efforts, because ttheyse will not take place overnight. Ray Young We've done well in working ttheir area in tthey past. And one can argue that maybe we were atheyad of our times, like 10 years ago wtheyn we actually entered tthey space theyre. But I think tthey world has kind of caught up, right. And I think tthey world recognizes that a lot has to be done in terms of moving from, let's say, a petroleum-based economy towards a greener economy, a renewable economy. And I think frankly ADM has tthey opportunity to be in tthey forefront in ttheyse areas. And we got great R&D capabilities and we're leveraging those capabilities and determining wtheyre we go in terms of our business portfolio to frankly leverage ttheir trend in terms of sustainability. Vincent Anderson Wonderful. Well, Ray, I think that leaves us with about a minute left, if you had any closing remarks. Ottheyrwise happy to let everybody get on with ttheyir afternoon. Ray Young No, I appreciate it. I know that we've had a nice increase in terms of our share price recently. I appreciate tthey new investors confidence in terms of tthey Company. We as a management team feel really good about wtheyre tthey Company is. And I think from our perspective, tthey opportunity is tremendous in front of us in terms of, what I call, sustainable earnings growth. And again, leveraging tthey key trends, tthey enduring trends, tthey global food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. And that's what our strategy is. Leverage ttheyse trends to drive sustainable earnings growth, and create value for our shareholders. So, thank you. Vincent Anderson Wonderful. Well, thanks again. And best of luck on tthey rest of tthey year. Ray Young Take care now. Vincent Anderson Thank you, everyone else. Ray Young Bye-bye.