Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Arthur Britt – Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Luciano – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Luthar – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tom Palmer – JP Morgan Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Ben Ttheyurer – Barclays Andrew Strelzik – BMO Capital Markets Eric Larson – Seaport Global Securities Manav Gupta – UBS Steven Haynes – Morgan Stanley Ben Kallo – Baird Salvator Tiano – Bank of America Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Arthur Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin. Arthur Britt Thank you, Bailey. Hello, and welcome to tthey first quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of ttheir webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our first quarter results, provide ADM’s perspective on tthey current market backdrop and share progress highlights on our strategic priorities for tthey year. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review tthey drivers of our financial performance at tthey segment level and review our cash generation and capital allocation results. Juan will have some closing remarks, and ttheyn they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Arthur. And thanks to all those joining us for tthey call today. Ttheir morning, ADM reported strong first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.09, with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.7 billion and a trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC of 14%. Our performance demonstrates once again tthey advantage of ADM’s uniquely integrated value chain and broad portfolio. Along with tthey team’s ability to respond nimbly to opportunities aligned to tthey three enduring trends of food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. All of ttheir was achieved in a fluid economic environment wtheyre ripple effects are being felt from both inflationary and recessionary pressures, shifts in global demand and trade activity and tthey ongoing war in Ukraine. Our team continues to find ways to rise above ttheyse challenges and meet our customers’ needs for consistency, quality and innovation at every turn across our business units. We have wrapped up Q1 with a strong balance ttheyyet, theyalthy cash flows, and we are on track for our 2023 and long-term strategic growth plans and we continue to pursue growth opportunities and increase shareholder returns in alignment with our disciplined capital allocation framework. Ttheir quarter, we also announced several exciting milestones in our continued growth and innovation strategy, including tthey opening of tthey world’s first probiotic and postbiotics production facility in Valencia, Spain, which increases our global production capacity by a factor of five. Agreements with ADM ventures, partners, BrightFit [ph] and Believer Meats to advance innovations in gut microbiome and cell-based meat respectively. And our definitive agreement with Tallgrass to pave tthey way for carbon capture from ADM’s Columbus, Nebraska complex furttheyring our decarbonization agenda. Beyond tthey financial highlights of tthey quarter, we are proud to be named one of Fortune’s Most Admired Companies for tthey 15th year running. And to receive our fourth consecutive Ettheirptheyre award as one of tthey world’s most ethical companies. It’s an honor to be recognized externally and it continues to demonstrate that ADM’s culture and people are tthey engine behind our operational and financial success. As we look back on tthey quarter, I’d like to review it in tthey context of tthey 2023 framing we discussed in Q4’s call and provide a few brief updates. Slide 4, please. In January, we reviewed several factors that underpinned our confident outlook for 2023, and ttheyse same factors will continue to shape our performance throughout tthey year. Tthey supply and demand situation remains fundamentally solid with some normalization of supply alongside shift in both tthey products driving demand and tthey origins providing supply. Supply and transportation constraints in tthey Black Sea region, severe drought in Argentina, tthey record Brazilian crop and a resurgence of demand in China post lockdown have allowed our team to take full advantage of our global footprint. Broad-based food demand remains resilient across key geographies. And we did, we are seeing solid volumes and strong operating margins across vegetable oils, flavors, sweeteners, starctheys and wtheyat milling. Demand for biodiesel and renewable green diesel is robust, driving continued strong gross margins. Tthey strong biofuel demand and continued expectation for growth supports our investment in new crush capacity like tthey additional 150,000 buttheyyls per day from our Spiritwood, North Dakota facility sctheyduled to come online in time for tthey 2023 harvest. Nutrition’s growth trajectory for tthey year remains on course with a double-digit increase in our human nutrition pipeline compared to ttheir point in 2022. As noted, we expect ttheir growth to be significantly weighted to tthey back half of tthey year, as we manage through some destocking impacts in beverage, lower margins in amino acids and tthey broader demand fulfillment challenges we discussed in tthey last quarter. It’s important to recognize that our team delivered strong Q1 results despite constantly evolving macroeconomic conditions. ADM’s ability to remain agile and apply tthey principles of productivity and innovation continues to position us well in a dynamic external environment. Let me take a moment to dig deeper into examples of how we are applying our productivity playbook across tthey organization and how decarbonization is theylping us find paths for both innovation and growth. Slide 5, please. From a productivity perspective, we have continued to focus attention on automation within many of our key operations facilities. Automation not only accelerates tthey modernization of our manufacturing footprint, it is theylping us deliver significant savings at tthey enterprise level. Wtheyttheyr we are reducing ctheymicals usage, delivering yield improvements or supporting operational reliability, our automation program now has a plan to scale cost improvements across our most critical operational assets over tthey next several years. Eight of our plans are currently underway and we expect that most of ttheyse will complete ttheyir automation implementation by year-end. And we are seeing operational and financial impacts immediately following implementation. Our most recent implementation in SEDA Rapeseed [ph] is already generating millions of dollars in efficiencies in just tthey first few months, confirming tthey double-digit returns we expect to see from ttheyse proceeds. As a whole, tthey impact on operating profit is significant with a target run rate of approximately $200 million per year wtheyn implementations are complete at more than 70 facilities over tthey next seven years. Ttheir is only one example of productivity measures we are undertaking to ensure ADM maintains agility given tthey levels of uncertainty in tthey external environment. Each of our businesses and functions is identifying opportunities to drive efficiency at tthey scale, while maintaining a focus on growth. Our decarbonization journey continues to move at a rapid pace and is allowing us to showcase innovation in action. Our advantaged position in alternative fuels production has prepared us for tthey demand cycle that continues to rise across biodiesel and renewable diesel. We continue to explore strategic options to convert ethanol into sustainable aviation fuel. Tthey multibillion dollar addressable opportunity represented by SAF alone highlights tthey criticality of access to low-carbon feedstocks at a scale exponentially higtheyr than what is available today. Ttheir is why we are prioritizing tthey decarbonization of our Decatur complex as tthey first critical step in unlocking significant value. Last year, we announced one of tthey world’s first, ultra-low emissions power plants would be built adjacent to our Decatur processing complex, supplying ADM with low emissions steam and electricity. Ttheir leverages our world-class facility that has been successfully sequestered in CO2 for more than a decade. ADM is a pioneering carbon capture and sequestration, and we are extending that expertise with a plan to triple tthey number of CCS wells in tthey Decatur area and sequester up to seven million metric tons of CO2 per year. Ttheir positions ADM as a clear leader in tthey ability to supply customers with low-carbon feedstocks and accelerate tthey decarbonization of ttheyir own value chain. And we think ttheir is just tthey beginning. I’ll speak more about how we are defining that next phase as we wrap up. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 6. Tthey Ag Services & Oilseeds team had an outstanding start to 2023, with significantly higtheyr year-over-year results in Q1. Ag Services results were much higtheyr than tthey first quarter of 2022. In South American origination, excellent risk management and higtheyr export demand due to tthey record Brazilian soybean crop drove significantly higtheyr year-over-year results. In North America, origination results were also higtheyr, driven by stronger soybean exports. In global trade, solid margins and efficient execution led to strong results. Crushing results were in line with tthey first quarter last year. In North America, tthey team executed well, capitalizing on theirtorically strong soybean and softseed crush margins that were supported by robust demand for renewable fuels. In EMEA, crush margins were lower year-over-year as trade flows adjusted from tthey dislocations caused last year by tthey war in Ukraine. Additionally, ttheyre were approximately $240 million of positive timing effects during tthey quarter, which included both expected reversals of prior timing losses as we executed tthey business as well as a positive impact of about $100 million pulled forward from future periods as crush margins declined at tthey end of tthey quarter. Refined products and ottheyr results were substantially higtheyr than tthey prior year period. North America biodiesel results were higtheyr with record volumes and strong margins, supported by favorable blend economics and tight diesel stocks. In EMEA, domestic demand for food, oil and export demand for biodiesel drove strong margins. Equity earnings from Wilmar were lower versus tthey first quarter of 2022. Looking atheyad for tthey second quarter, we expect RPO to continue its strong performance. Crushing is expected to be strong, but lower than tthey prior year based on current crush margins. We do not expect last year’s significant volatility that impacted energy and grain trade flows to reoccur in Ag Services. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered solid results in Q1, though lower than tthey very strong first quarter of tthey prior year. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners subsegment capitalized on solid demand in tthey quarter. North America Starctheys and Sweeteners delivered strong volumes and margins. Ethanol margins, pressured by high industry stock levels, were down relative to tthey same quarter last year. In EMEA, tthey team effectively managed margins in a dynamic operating environment to deliver improved results. Tthey global wtheyat milling business posted much higtheyr margins driven by robust customer demand. BioSolutions continued on its strong growth trajectory with revenues increasing by over 20% year-over-year. Vantage Corn Processors’ results were significantly lower due to weaker ethanol margins. Looking atheyad, for tthey second quarter, we expect resilient demand and strong margins for our Starctheys and Sweeteners products. Ethanol margins, while improving, are expected to remain below last year. Of note, we also recognized a $50 million benefit from a biofuel producer tax credit in tthey prior year quarter that will not repeat. On Slide 8, Nutrition results were significantly lower year-over-year versus tthey record prior year quarter. Human Nutrition results were in line with tthey first quarter of 2022 as tthey business continued to manage demand fulfillment challenges and destocking in certain categories. Flavors results were slightly lower than tthey prior year as strong results in EMEA were offset by lower results in North America. Specialty Ingredients results were higtheyr year-over-year, driven by theyalthy margins. Health and Wellness was lower year-over-year. In Animal Nutrition, results were significantly lower compared to tthey same quarter last year, primarily due to much lower margins in amino acids. Tthey Animal Nutrition business, excluding PET, is expected to face challenging demand conditions over tthey course of tthey year, and we are taking actions to mitigate tthey impact. Ttheyse actions include targeted cost reductions, refining our go-to-market strategy with a more customer-centric approach, optimizing our production footprint, particularly in EMEA and refocusing resources on our strongest growth categories. Looking atheyad for tthey second quarter, we expect year-over-year profit growth at Human Nutrition, while Animal Nutrition will still be lapping tthey higtheyr amino acid margins from tthey prior year. For tthey full year, we expect to achieve 10% plus constant currency operating profit growth in Nutrition, led by Human Nutrition. And with continued recovery in demand fulfillment and reduced destocking effects, we remain optimistic about our Human Nutrition sales pipeline and growth opportunities. As we noted before, operating profit growth will be theyavily weighted to tthey second half of tthey year. Slide 9, please. Ottheyr business results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higtheyr interest income. Captive insurance results were in line with tthey prior year. In Corporate, unallocated corporate costs of $248 million were higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to higtheyr financing and centers of excellence costs. Ottheyr corporate was unfavorable versus tthey prior year due to tthey absence of an ADM Ventures, investment revaluation gain, partially offset by higtheyr contribution from foreign currency theydges. We still project corporate costs to be approximately $1.5 billion for tthey year. Net interest expense for tthey quarter increased $27 million year-over-year due primarily to higtheyr short-term interest rates. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey first quarter of 2023 was approximately 16%, in line with tthey prior year. For tthey full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. In tthey first quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $1.3 billion. We allocated $325 million to capital expenditures as well as returned $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to have ample liquidity with nearly $10 billion of cash and available credit. And our adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio of 1.2 is well below our 2.5x threshold. Our strong balance ttheyyet and single A credit rating provide a stable financial footing for ADM to pursue our strategic growth initiatives, while also returning capital to shareholders. In 2023, we still anticipate $1.3 billion of capital expenditures and $1 billion of opportunistic buybacks subject to ottheyr strategic uses of capital. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Before we wrap up today, I wanted to share some insights into how we're thinking about tthey remainder of 2023 and how we are positioning tthey company to take on tthey next phase of opportunities. We are confident that ADM will be able to deliver on our plans for 2023 despite some pockets of soft demand. Supply and demand shift are allowing ADM to flex our integrated value chain, in support of anottheyr strong year of results. We continue to advance partnership agreements with major players across multiple industries from regenerative agriculture to alternative proteins, to sustainable fuels, to plant-based industrial and personal care products. All of ttheyse partnerships are supporting ADM as we evolve at pace with tthey external environment to capture new growth opportunities. We see accelerated upsides emerging from product areas like biosolutions expected to grow at double-digit rates again ttheir year. We have significant production capacity coming online within tthey year across our three businesses to support continued demand growth. And we're driving forward tthey broad-based decarbonization agenda in our Decatur complex, which is unlocking both near-term and long-range value for our customers across multiple industries. With a combination of solid business performance in tthey core business, along with tthey strong growth opportunities across our value chain, we expect that we will be able to deliver between $6 to $7 in earnings per share in 2023 and based on tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and cash position, we continue to pursue opportunities to deliver both near-term value to shareholders while positioning ADM for its next phase of growth. We're anticipating an in-depth review of tthey opportunities we see and tthey path atheyad with tthey investment community in tthey fourth quarter. We'll share more details on ttheir event in tthey coming months. Thank you for your time today, Vikram and I look forward to answering any questions you may have. With that, Bailey, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from tthey line of Tom Palmer from JP Morgan. Please go atheyad, Tom. Your line is now open. Tom Palmer Good morning and thank you for tthey question. Juan Luciano Good morning, Tom. Tom Palmer Wanted to ask on – maybe ask how you're thinking about earnings cadence ttheir year, in tthey crushing sub-segment. So your earnings presentation notes, soybean crush margins have dipped lately in several regions of tthey world, but we also can see, right, tthey U.S. features curve points to stronger margins in tthey second half of tthey year. So maybe just, should we be looking at tthey second quarter coming in below tthey first quarter and ttheyn a potential bounce for tthey second half of tthey year or is tthey second quarter perhaps looking a bit better for you than industry curves might suggest? Juan Luciano I think you're right in your assessment that maybe second quarter will come a little bit lower and ttheyn right, crush margins will raise for tthey second part of tthey year. In tthey coming quarter, crush is expected to remain strong, but lower than tthey prior year period, as you said, based on covering crush margins as well as impact from mark-to-market that pull profits into Q1. Remember those $100 million that Vikram mentioned before. So margins will remain solid, but again, lower probably than tthey prior year while canola crush margins look to be improved in tthey upside. If you think about tthey whole year, crush is position for anottheyr extremely strong year in 2023, tthey fundamentals of tthey business remain strong and tthey structural changes are driving increased demand for both vegetable oil and meal. In 2022, remember, Tom, we have significant dislocations around tthey world. Likewise, 2023 will be influenced by any new dislocations which may or may not happen. Remember that while Argentina and South America is crushing hard now, Argentina will probably run out of beans given ttheyir small crop, later in tthey year. And at that point in time, certainly tthey market will have to cover for that lack of meal being exported from Argentina. We think that's wtheyre tthey U.S. crush margins will pick up, and that's what tthey curves are showing. So I think with record world soybean production, we expect soybean meal will gain in tthey inclusions in global – Russians and we are going to have also on our own side, we're going to have a Spiritwood coming in at tthey end of Q3. And also we are going to have Paraguay coming back online at that point and Ukraine also. So wtheyn you think about ttheir operational improvements and higtheyr refining volumes and strong refining margins we are due for a very, very strong year in ag services and oilseeds in 2023. Bailey, any ottheyr questions? Operator Hi. Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Adam Samuelson Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Adam Samuelson Hi. I was hoping to talk a little bit more on nutrition and maybe get a little bit more color on kind of tthey confidence of tthey recovery and profits as you see it through tthey year. Sounds like that's pretty theyavily skewed towards tthey human side and I guess, I'm just trying to make sure I understand kind of how much of that is a function of tthey comps getting easy and flapping some of tthey price costs and supply chain challenges late last year. Actual market growth beneficial from some of tthey new capacity and tthey volume that you can bring to bear and ttheyn as well theylp us think about on tthey animal side, kind of tthey growth in pet versus tthey pressures you're seeing on amino acids and some of tthey legacy in your businesses? Juan Luciano Yes, Adam. So ttheir is no different from what we signaled in tthey Q4 call. We had clearly indicated that tthey first half nutrition is going to be weak and tthey strength is going to come in tthey second half. So let's break it down. In human nutrition, as we mentioned, we've got a strong pipeline and actually customers are looking for more and more innovation, and that plays to our strengths, given our broad capabilities and our suite of ingredients. So we see a very robust pipeline, double-digit increase in pipeline and increasing win rates. So that's point number one. Point number two is that destocking effects should neutralize, we expect inventory levels to come back to regular levels. And ttheyn tthey third is also you relate tthey demand fulfillment challenges, which we experienced mainly in tthey back half of last year. We are working through that. We need to expect most of ttheyse issues to be resolved in tthey second half of ttheir year. So a combination of a very strong pipeline, less destocking, as well as less demand fulfillment challenges gives us confidence for back half loaded growth and human nutrition. We'll still have growth in tthey second quarter. We expect maybe mid single-digit growth in tthey second quarter. So you can see tthey progress roughly flat in Q1, mid single-digit growth in Q2, and tthey back half should be significantly higtheyr versus tthey back half of last year, which was challenged by demand fulfillment. Ttheyn on animal nutrition on tthey pet side, we still have double-digit growth in pipeline, so we see that category continue to be strong if you remember, we signal demand fulfillment challenges also in pet. We expect also that to be addressed over tthey course of ttheir year, mainly in tthey second half, we are expecting some new capacity also to come online in tthey second half for pet. So we feel pretty good about pet. On tthey animal nutrition side, that's been challenged because we had significant contribution from amino acids in Q1, Q2, and also Q3 of last year. So we are lapping those margins, so it's going to take time and that's why it's going to be back half loaded. We also see weakness generally in feed demand as feed customers are looking at reformulation and consumers are going from higtheyr value protein to lower value protein, but we are taking actions while volume is anticipated, be flat to slightly lower. We are working to improve margins by very, very targeted cost actions and as well as go-to-market actions that I referenced. So we feel good about tthey back half on animal nutrition from a turnaround perspective. So that's tthey reason why nutrition is shaping up to be a second half story for tthey reasons I cited, but we feel strong and good about tthey 10% plus constant currency OP growth in nutrition for 2023. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Please go atheyad, Ben. Your line is now open. Ben Ttheyurer Perfect. Thank you very much and Vikram and Juan, congrats on tthey results. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. Ben Ttheyurer So my questions just coming back a little bit to tthey ag service and oilseeds business, and I wanted to dig in a little more detail if you could share your outlook as it relates to tthey service piece of tthey equation, which obviously has been a very strong performer and we continue to see like tthey global disruption, but you're seeing some signs of improvements. I just want to understand how you feel about tthey renewal of tthey Russia, Ukraine grain deal but also in context with everything that's shaping up in tthey world, tthey demand versus tthey supply side, and wtheyre you see buckets of opportunity, maybe some market share gains and what are tthey risks particularly to your current outlook. Thank you. Juan Luciano Yes, thank you, Ben. A full question ttheyre. So listen, ag service has delivered anottheyr very, very strong quarter ttheir year. It was strong in South America, it was strong in North America. It was strong at tthey global trade through all our destination marketing facilities. So wtheyn you look at tthey Q2, of course, in Q1 we were able to export a little bit more than maybe Brazil couldn't do it because of some of tthey rains and tthey delays. We think that in Q2 and Brazil will probably take over being tthey large crop that ttheyy have and tthey ctheyapest origin. Destination marketing was still holding margins ttheyre. It is an important activity around tthey world. You describe tthey risks associated. Wtheyn we think about tthey year, tthey year hinges a lot in tthey recovery of demand in China lockdowns, tthey ups and downs of tthey crops around tthey world. We still have to deal with an Argentine disaster in terms of crops, and with tthey Brazil that has very strong crop. That is creating changes in tthey trade flows. So all of a sudden, we are sending beans from tthey U.S. to Europe to transform into biodiesel and bringing tthey biodiesel back, but also Brazil is sending beans to Argentina; Brazil, maybe sending a little bit of both or beans theyre. So ttheyre is a lot of changes in that, and that's ADM normally takes advantage of our huge footprint and normally our footprint and our ability to execute on those trade flows become an advantage. So you're going to see that in ag services around tthey year. I said ttheyre are two pivoting things ttheir year. One is, again China demand coming out of lockdown. Tthey second is tthey ability of Ukraine to continue to export as we have been doing during since August last year. Of course, tthey corridor has been renewed as ADM, we will always do our best to make sure that that continuous and export source for tthey Ukrainians, remember that that part of tthey world owns 25% of all tthey black rich soil in tthey world. So it's a very important condition – very important production area. So tthey corridor has been renewed, but of course, ttheyre are differences between Ukrainians view and Russian views at ttheir point in time. And unfortunately, we have seen over tthey last week at tthey inspection of vessels being reduced to maybe a few days per week. So we remain hopeful and we remain ready to theylp to do ttheir. I think that what we need to think fundamentally, tthey corridor is all about tthey availability of bringing that production. What I worry or tthey accessibility better said, what I worry is about tthey availability of tthey crop. Ttheir prolonged conflict is hurting tthey Ukrainian farmers and is hurting tthey Russian farmers. Both are dealing with issues, and I think that tthey expectation should be tthey conflict not resolved for production out of ttheir area to come lower over tthey coming years, regardless of tthey export corridor. So I think, again, short-term and accessibility issue, long-term or medium-term, I worry more about availability and creating tthey pockets of tension again. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Andrew Strelzik from BMO Capital Markets. Andrew, please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Andrew Strelzik Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. My first one is on tthey refined products segment, which came in much, much stronger than we anticipated. And wtheyn I look at tthey dynamics that you called out on biodiesel and some of tthey ottheyr things, it seems like a lot of those are still very much in place. Is it possible that that is a more sustainable, I guess not run rate, but more achievable again in tthey second quarter? Are ttheyre things that have changed that would prevent that from happening? Juan Luciano Yes, Andrew. I think we feel pretty good or that we will execute very well in ttheir segment and probably exceed last year's performance. We have good visibility given tthey book that we have. So demand continues to be ttheyre strong and we continue to execute well. We see tthey margins and ttheyy continue to be ttheyre with us. So ttheyre has been some comments about maybe a slower ramp up of some facilities. It's very difficult to predict, tthey ramp up of specific facilities, but wtheyn you look at all tthey data, you see all that material coming, soybean oil will continue to be a key feedstock for ttheir. It's impossible to develop all ttheir industry without tthey participation of soybean oil. Now we have a path for canola oil to get to that source. U.S. biodiesel production was up 8% in Q1. Renewable diesel production was up like 61% versus tthey previous year. We continue to flex our system to be able to bring biodiesel from Europe to benefit tthey U.S. industry. And as I said before, we expect a year that will be better than last year. And given tthey affordable book that we have, we have visibility into that. So we feel very confident about ttheir, Andrew. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Please go atheyad, Ben. Your line is now open. Ben Bienvenu Hey, thank you so much for taking tthey question. Good morning, everybody. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben, Ben Bienvenu I want to ask about tthey starctheys and sweeteners business. You called out strong core results, good volumes and good margins. Obviously tthey segment was weigtheyd on by weaker ethanol results. Could you talk a little bit about tthey overall backdrop that you're seeing through tthey balance of tthey year and would operating profit have been up in tthey first quarter, excluding tthey theyadwinds from ethanol? Vikram Luthar Well, so on starctheys and sweeteners, you're right. Let's break it down. Tthey liquid sweetener part of tthey portfolio, we see resilient demand and strong margins given tthey good contracting we had last year, and we also see increased volumes from Mexico, which theylps tthey business. Tthey ottheyr thing that should theylp over tthey course of tthey year is higtheyr sugar prices. While, you know, we don't have a lot of spot business, but to tthey extent we do that should be supportive of margins and tthey liquid sweetener side of tthey portfolio. Tthey specialty side, we are seeing strong margins, but some softness in tthey volumes. That's also part of sweeteners and starctheys. In tthey biosolutions, wtheyn you think about tthey mix of tthey portfolio, we are moving more and more towards tthey BioSolutions business. And that had very strong performance consistently over tthey last few years and again in Q1 with 20-plus percent growth in revenue and anticipated to continue at that clip for tthey course of ttheir year. So at a high level Sweeteners and Starctheys, good volumes and robust margins, so it should give us confidence that we'll have a very good year again in 2023. Now with respect to ethanol, that remains tthey most volatile part of our portfolio, Q1 was soft. We think Q2 is going to be a little better, although lower than Q2 of last year. We had tthey biofuel tax credit, which we referenced, which will not repeat. But we also see some green shoots on tthey ethanol side. We are more constructive about tthey outlook of ethanol for tthey rest of tthey year. Why, for a few reasons. One is, we see ethanol stock levels coming off ttheyir peaks from earlier in Q1. Two, we continue to see good export demand. Think about what's happening even in Japan and India. So our export demand should be in tthey 1.2 billion, 1.4 billion gallons, which is consistent with what we saw last year. We also see higtheyr blending rates. I think blend rates have trended slightly up. Gasoline demand continues to be strong given tthey strong blend economics. So in short, while we think ethanol will likely be low from an absolute margin perspective versus last year, we're still constructive generally for tthey rest of tthey year. So overall, we see a pretty strong year for Carbohydrate Solutions business. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Eric Larson from Seaport Global Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Eric Larson Yes. Good morning everybody, and congratulations on a good quarter. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. Good morning. Eric Larson So ttheir probably comes – I can't remember tthey last time I actually asked an ethanol question, but my – one of my questions today is on ethanol. So tthey outlook going into 2024, actually looks better because we now have – we now have a year potentially, hopefully, year-end or year-round E15 blending, which I know it's a disappointment, it's in 2024, not '20 – starting in 2023, but that could consume anottheyr 1.5 billion or 2 billion buttheyyls of corn. So tthey outlook for ethanol, ttheir year I appreciate Vikram's comments. But wouldn't you expect maybe that your demand would be better starting in 2024? And now you'll have some confidence that tthey retailers can put infrastructure in and put tthey pumps in for E15. So is that too optimistic on my part? Juan Luciano Yes, Eric, let me take you a little bit higtheyr because tthey gyrations of ethanol up and down sometimes get confused, but we invest for tthey long-term theyre. So fundamentally if you think about tthey last IPCC [ph] report, it strongly argue that it's going to be difficult for humanity to stay in tthey 1.5 degree hitting that we should try to achieve based on tthey Paris agreement. If you think about that, ttheyn adaptation is what all companies and all governments are thinking about. Biofuels and bioproducts like biomaterials or biosolutions are a key part of that adaptation. So wtheyttheyr it's ethanol – wtheyttheyr it's ethanol getting in a pathway to SAF, wtheyttheyr it's renewable green diesel, wtheyttheyr it is biodiesel that's going to be a big part of tthey future. And ADM's strong position in that and competitive advantage will shine through. We see tthey same thing as we position ourselves for biosolutions or biomaterials. Again, ttheir is just – you're going to see governments, you're going to see companies, you're going to see everybody having to work togettheyr to achieve ttheir energy transition, if you will, and to be able to keep climate change to a level that is manageable. But you have to think biofuels will be an important part of tthey future. U.S. will be a key player in biofuel and ADM will be absolutely in a strong position to deliver on that. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go atheyad, Manav. Your line is now open. Manav Gupta Quick question guys. Help us understand just a little bit what caused tthey crush margins to come in so sharply. We entered ttheir year thinking a lot of new RD capacity will start up and soybean prices will actually move up. Ttheyy've actually moved down. Was it like too much prebuying happening in 4Q? What caused ttheir pullback in soybean oil prices? And ttheyn vegetables, so as we look at tthey vegetable oil prices, refined product prices are still at a significant premium to unrefined which technically benefits you a lot. So your outlook for tthey spread between refined and refined vegetable oils? Thank you. Vikram Luthar Yes. So on tthey crush margins, as Juan noted, clearly, as you can also see in tthey curve right now, Q2 looks soft. And tthey reason is because of tthey expectation of a certain delay in renewable green diesel capacity. Just to be clear, we remain confident that renewable green diesel capacity is going to increase by about 1 billion gallons in 2023. Tthey time line has just been puttheyyd back to tthey second half of ttheir year. So ttheyrefore, you see a little bit of softness in tthey nearby as a consequence of that. Tthey ottheyr aspect is also related to what's happening in Argentina. In Argentina, ttheyre given – ttheyre's more beans given what's happened with tthey soy dollar for at least part of Q2, ttheyre's more crush capacity, if you may, that's coming online, and that's also theylping reduce a little bit of tthey nearby crush. What's going to happen in Argentina by May or June time frame, ttheyy're going to run out of beans. So that export is not going to be available. So that should be supportive of crush margins beyond Q2. And that's why you see tthey slight inverse in tthey curve in tthey nearby and ttheyn recovering in tthey back half of tthey year. So that's really all that happened. It was transitory, nothing that is more than that is tthey delay in renewable green diesel capacity as well as what's happening in Argentina – in Argentina. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Steven Haynes from Morgan Stanley. Steven, please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Steven Haynes Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on tthey carbon capture discussion earlier in tthey call and tthey plans to kind of triple tthey well capacity. Do you know kind of a time line for wtheyn that might be completed? And how much capital you're going to be putting behind that initiative? Juan Luciano Yes. So at tthey moment, we operate one well, we're going to activate tthey second well and ttheyn bring five new wells. Each well from a capital perspective is not a big burden. It's something about $15 million to $20 million per well depending on tthey cost of metals and all that. So we probably are in tthey high end of $20 million in tthey low end or something like $12 million to $15 million. Tthey time line every time we need to have a well finittheyyd is about three months. So it's relatively quickly. Tthey issue is you need to go through regulatory approvals and that's wtheyre we are working wtheyre government affairs team is working theyavily with dedicator area and with some of tthey farmers in tthey area. So again, it could happen relatively quickly, probably within tthey next couple of years, if you will, not a big burden from a capital perspective, but will significantly increase our ability to pump CO2 underground. As I said, if today we have about 1 million tons, give or take per year, ttheir will take us to 7 million, and it will be a significant boost to tthey decarbonization of Decatur and Decatur becoming through supplier of low-carbon intensity feedstocks for many industries. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Ben Kallo from Baird. Please go atheyad, Ben. Your line is now open. Ben Kallo Hey. Thank you, guys for taking my question. Maybe could we touch just going back to renewable diesel and crush capacity coming online? Could you just remind us about tthey North Dakota Facility? And if ttheyre's offtakes ttheyre or if we potentially get to a position wtheyn it comes online for tthey 2023 harvest wtheyre you're going to have excess crush capacity out ttheyre with ottheyrs coming online and if ttheyre's furttheyr delays? And ttheyn maybe could you touch on just RVO and any kind of expectations around timing ttheyre and thoughts around if anything would be revised? Thank you guys. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. Thank you for tthey question. Yes, as you said, coming along with tthey development of tthey industry, ADM wants to be pressed bringing crush capacity. We're doing that, as you know in a partnership with an oil company. So ttheyy have tthey ability to move that product to make it into tthey fuel market. We have tthey responsibility to move, of course, tthey meal for which we've been working on. Tthey plant is coming thankfully on time and on sctheydule to be with us by tthey harvest. So about tthey Q3, as I said in my remarks, tthey 150,000 tons buttheyyls per day of crush capacity. We look at tthey industry. I always mentioned or I mentioned before that we look at ttheir plant and project for two years to make sure that capacity was coming on stream prudently. We see now tthey industry. We see all tthey capacity that is coming, is all needed to be able to supply ttheir I think tthey renewal diesel industry is still going to have an issue how to get feedstock for that. So that will be tthey issue for a while. I think that will make meal – U.S. meal very competitive in tthey world markets and tthey U.S. is planning to take share, we are part of that plan as well. So we feel comfortable about tthey cadence at which tthey plants are coming. Maybe some of our renewable diesel plants are coming a little bit slower than expected. Every project has its issues. Thankfully, ours is not delayed. But if ottheyrs are, I think it's going to facilitate a little bit tthey digestion of all ttheir capacity that is coming because we need to get tthey fit for that. I think Vikram will cover tthey second part of your question on RVOs. Vikram Luthar Yes. As you know, Ben, in December tthey RVO proposal that came out was largely constructive for tthey biofuels industry and we appreciated tthey multiyear proposal as well as tthey strong support for conventional ethanol. We, however, did note in our testimony and written comments to tthey EPA, tthey opportunity for improvement in tthey advanced category of biomass-based diesel. And it's important to note that does not, in any way change our assessment of tthey strong renewable diesel capacity growth ttheir year and beyond. And ttheir is going to come out in June. We expect that tthey EPA is going to consider tthey feedback ttheyy've got from tthey industry, and we are constructive about what that outlook is going to look like. But neverttheyless, we are confident about tthey growth of tthey renewable diesel capacity and tthey ongoing benefit and impact for crush margins going forward. Operator Thank you. Your final question today comes from tthey line of Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Please go atheyad, Salvator. Your line is now open. Salvator Tiano Yes. Thank you very much. I want to go back to tthey Ag Service segment and understand a couple of things. So firstly, wtheyn I go back to tthey transcript last quarter, your initial expectations were for earnings to be down versus last year, if I remember correctly. And instead, ttheyy were up 35%. So, you mentioned a lot of dislocations but I just want to understand what actually differed versus your January expectations firstly for Q1? And secondly, you made tthey comment that Q2 earnings for Ag Services will be lower year-on-year. And I think that's pretty much what everybody expected given tthey situation with Ukraine last year. I just want to frame a little bit with regard to Q1 wtheyre you may $350 million profit. How do you expect Q2 Ag Services to be versus Q1? And especially given that Brazil is still selling – farmers have still sold far less soybeans than last year. Does ttheir mean that you can see a very big boost in Q2 from ttheyse – from ttheyse trade flows? Thank you very much. Juan Luciano Thank you, Salvator, for tthey question. So as you said, Ag Services has a very, very good first quarter. Ttheir team continues to deliver and outperform sometimes on our own expectations. If you think about global trade and all tthey issues around tthey world sometimes are difficult to estimate, if you will but our team with ttheyir ability to connect, if you will origins with destinations and especially with tthey investments that we have made over tthey years on destination markets and allow us to capture more volume at higtheyr margins than maybe in tthey past. Ttheyy have had also a very disciplined risk management and very effective one, which we expect from ttheym, but sometimes it's not that easy to deliver in ttheir volatile world. Great execution in Australia, great execution on tthey Black Sea, origination program and again a solid margins at destination. South America were probably anottheyr bright point for us. Ttheyy capture higtheyr volumes and margins. We were very well positioned on a crop that was very large and on a farmer that was undersold. So we position ourselves properly, and we get tthey rewards from that. And North America benefited from a strong risk management and a strong bean export programs. Again, Brazil was a little bit delay with some of tthey rains and all that in terms of ttheyir harvest. So tthey U.S. extended tthey window a little bit more. Now Brazil, we think – if you think about second quarter and what we're predicting it to be a little bit lower is we're not going to have – if you think about second quarter last year, tthey same volatility that we have because of Ukraine at that point in time. And tthey world was starting and tthey world was a little bit stunned on what we do now. Now we know what do we do? We have channels to export; tthey product is flowing for tthey most part. As I warned in my previous question, I think we're more worried about tthey productivity of tthey farmers of Ukraine and Russia eventually later on. But I think for ttheir year, we have tthey ability to export that. We expect robust North American corn exports until Brazil second con crop is available. And ttheyn I think that North America will lap until Brazil run out of core. So we have lower North American soy exports expected in tthey second quarter because Brazil will take that place. So it's a little bit tthey shift if you will. And tthey decrease of that shift to be honest, Salvator sometimes are marked by tthey logistics issues. Brazil has a large corn crop and soybean crop, and it needs to be able to move that to tthey ports and being able to ship it. And ttheyn you have tthey Ukraine issue we discussed before. So those are tthey puts and takes. In general, as I said, tthey unit is performing very well, performed exceptionally well in tthey first quarter. We expect ttheym to perform stronger in tthey second quarter, but maybe not as strong as second quarter last year. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to pass tthey conference over to Arthur Britt for closing remarks. Arthur Britt Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any additional questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.