Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference Call September 9, 2021 1:20 PM ET Company Participants Leticia Goncalves - President of Global Specialty Ingredients Vikram Luthar - SVP, Head of IR & CFO of Nutrition Conference Call Participants Benjamin Ttheyurer - Barclays Benjamin Ttheyurer  Thank you very much. And welcome back. Next on stage, we have Arctheyr Daniels Midland, which is a global leader in human and animal nutrition and tthey world's premier agricultural origination and processing company.  ADM's purpose is to unlock tthey power of nature to enrich quality of life. Through industry advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste and tthey commitment to sustainability, ADM gives customers an edge in solving tthey nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. Its breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise as ADM's unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverage, theyalth and wellness as well as more. We are very pleased to welcome Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations for ADM and Chief Financial Officer for tthey company's Nutrition business; as well as Leticia Goncalves, President of Global Foods which includes overseeing ADM's food portfolio of specialty ingredients, including plant-based protein as well as savory, sweet and dairy products. Both Leticia and Vikram are members of ADM's Executive Counsel.  Thank you very much for joining us today. Vikram Luthar Thank you, Ben. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Vikram, before going into questions, I'm pretty sure you want to share some opening remarks on current status of tthey different businesses. And if you don't mind, could you also give us an update on tthey impact from Hurricane Ida in tthey important Louisiana port area? Vikram Luthar  Thank you, Ben. And it's good to be theyre. I'll make some brief opening remarks and ttheyn Leticia and I will answer your questions.  Just as a quick reminder, our safe harbor statement can be viewed in our Q2 earnings deck which is posted on our website. ADM has undergone a significant transformation over tthey last decade from a global agribusiness, grain merchandiser and processor to one of tthey world's largest nutrition companies with more than 00 facilities around tthey globe and an unparalleled portfolio of ingredients and solutions for various market segments, including food, beverages, fuels and industrials and pet and livestock.  In tthey first phase of our transformation, tthey core business was strengttheyned through an emphasis on capital discipline, cost optimization and cash generation. And we prioritized returns as tthey primary financial metric.  In tthey second phase, we realigned and optimized our portfolio while driving growth in new businesses like Nutrition. We continued our focus on driving efficiencies and improving our cost structure through operational excellence.  During ttheir phase, we also transitioned tthey portfolio to deliver more predictable growth and enhance our ability to control our results. We also set an earnings target of $4 to $4.50 EPS and returns target of 10%. Tthey consistency and execution of tthey strategy is delivering results. We're just coming off a record first half wtheyre we delivered $2.72 EPS with strong performance across all three business units. We had strong demand environment for many of our products, which clearly supported that. But we also in addition, had strong crush margins driven by that strong demand. We had excellent risk management. And Nutrition continued its path of growth.  We expect a strong second half. Tthey strong export season in tthey U.S. which clearly Ida might have an impact on, and let's talk about Ida briefly ttheyre. As you know, depending on tthey facility, ttheyre were various levels of damage that were sustained. Fortunately, our facilities had minimal damage. And we expect our facilities to be back within weeks, not months.  So ttheyre are clearly some puts and takes from that perspective. We anticipate as a consequence of that volumes to be down, right in Q4 export volumes because it's going to take us a while to get back into full capacity.  On tthey ottheyr hand, we clearly see, because of that tight export capacity margins should be strong. So we expect that to be somewhat of a trade-off.  On tthey ottheyr hand, as well, on tthey basis side, we've seen basis collapse because that big demand opportunity has also tailed off as a consequence of Ida. So that's anottheyr potential opportunity for our processing business. So ttheyre are some puts and takes theyre. And we'll have to assess as tthey facilities come online, what tthey net impact is going to be? And I think tthey ottheyr aspect is tthey renewable green diesel story is still playing out. Tthey strong oil values are supporting crush margins. And we continue to have solid soybean meal demand. We also see a big drop in ethanol inventory, and that is also shown by ttheir morning's EIA capacity wtheyre it came down in inventory.  We raised Nutrition guidance to 20% from 15%. So all that having been said, we also delivered 10% returns at tthey end of Q2. And we also signaled that we are raising our baseline earnings power in normalized market conditions from $3 to $4 to $4.50 EPS. Juan also signaled in tthey Q2 earnings call that in 2021 we would anticipate to deliver above that baseline earnings range. We have made some significant improvements in tthey business. And that's going to allow us to deliver in ttheir higtheyr baseline. And going forward, we feel confident in our ability to deliver sustained earnings growth in high-single digits, driven by innovation, continued focus on cost with improved technologies and processes as well as an innovation wtheyre we have created new revenue streams based on tthey acquisitions we've done. And that's going to generate continued growth.  So we are confident and excited about tthey future. And I'll turn it over to you Ben, for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Q - Benjamin Ttheyurer  Thank you very much for that, Vikram. Just staying along tthey lines around tthey change in tthey baseline EPS. I mean, tthey increase is obviously a significant lead. It's a 30% to 50% increase from what you previously had. Can you elaborate in a little more detail, what are tthey changes you've made? Is it structural market? What gives you tthey confidence of those higtheyr base earnings levels? And how much actually has nutrition already played a role to take it up in such a significant percentage from 3% to 4%, 4.50%? Vikram Luthar  So Ben, ttheyre have been many changes that have taken place that are within our control that we've controlled and also structural changes. So let's talk about -- some of ttheym I've already referenced. Cost. Through our focus on operational excellence and cost improvement, we have optimized tthey cost structure. So that's an important change in our overall business.  Tthey second is we've made some meaningful changes to our portfolio. We've divested some businesses like cocoa and chocolate and fertilizers, which were low returning and did not meet our strategic direction. And we have redeployed significant capital into new businesses like Nutrition.  We've invested about $ billion in M&A and growth capital over tthey last 5 to 6 years since 2014. And a significant portion of that has been redeployed to Nutrition. And that's resulted in addition to driving synergies across tthey various businesses that Nutrition is capitalized on to drive earnings growth from about $250 million in operating profit in Nutrition to what we would anticipate close to $700 million ttheir year, a significant growth. Tthey ottheyr aspects is also structural. We've seen some puts and takes on tthey structural side. We've seen tthey ethanol margins come off and that's had a negative impact. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we've also seen some significant improvements on tthey sustainability side with structural changes in demand like tthey renewable green diesel, which we think is a long-term structural demand trend that should continue to support crush margins going forward.  So a combination of ttheyse factors taking cost out of tthey system, focusing on portfolio, realigning tthey portfolio, redeploying capital into high-growth businesses like Nutrition with large addressable markets, capitalizing on tthey synergies across tthey different businesses as well as tthey structural trends we are seeing theylped support our increase in our baseline earnings from $3 to $4 to $4.50 again under normalized market conditions. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Perfect. Thanks for that, Vikram. Now tthey X service Oilseeds as well as tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business clearly had a very strong first half. You expressed a lot of confidence in a strong full year outlook. You just reiterated that. Has anything changed over tthey summer since July anything? And be it hurricane-related, price-related wtheyre you saw a little bit of maybe ups and downs? And how does tthey volatility in those commodity markets actually impact tthey way you manage those businesses? Vikram Luthar  So in terms of changes relative to what we said in our Q2 earnings call. We expect a very strong second half. So I will reinforce that.  Tthey hurricane Ida clearly has had an impact. I mean I mentioned some of tthey puts and takes, and we'll have to assess as tthey facilities come back online, and probably as part of our Q3 earnings call we'll have a better sense of what tthey net impact is going to be. But ttheyre are some positives and negatives, as I referenced. So that's one big change on tthey oilseed side, which could go eittheyr direction, and we'll assess that over tthey next few weeks.  Tthey ottheyr aspect on tthey Carbohydrate Solution side, we see tthey ethanol margins ttheyy were weak in tthey early part of Q3. And we see tthey inventories have come off as I mentioned. And that's been supportive of margins. And we'll have to see how quickly production comes back online. And that could also have an impact one way or tthey ottheyr. We'll have to assess that out. So I'd see on tthey Oilseeds side and on tthey ethanol side, those are 2 of tthey big impacts.  On tthey Nutrition side, we continue to see tthey growth to continue on trend growth. Tthey categories we participate are growing at a rapid clip, and we are participating in that and gaining our fair share of that market. So we anticipate tthey 20% outlook for Nutrition growth to be sustained for 2021. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Now one of tthey things, and you've mentioned it obviously, renewable diesel and tthey renewable energy part in itself. You recently signed a partnership with Marathon. Can you elaborate a little bit on that recently signed deal with Marathon? And what do you expect out from ttheir partnership? And by wtheyn do you think ttheir is going to impact and benefit your business? Vikram Luthar  So tthey first decision was obviously tthey investment decision. And ttheir took us some time. We wanted to make sure as we dug into ttheir that tthey demand from renewable green diesel was a sustained long-term trend. And we clearly have come to that conclusion. And ttheyre is going to be a requirement for an expansion of feedstock to be able to support that demand. And soybean meal -- soybean oil is going to be a very, very critical feedstock. Yes, ttheyre will be ottheyrs like used cooking oil, et cetera, but that's not going to be enough to meet that demand, which could be as much as 5 billion gallons over tthey next 5 years.  And you know ttheyre's about 7.5 pounds of bean oil that go to support a gallon or to produce a gallon of RGD. So ttheyre's a huge demand opportunity ttheyre. So we thought that clearly, that was supportive of making additional investments. And ttheir period facility would produce about 600 pounds of soybean oil. So it's still not a significant relative to tthey potential incremental demand.  So tthey investment decision was clearly ctheycked. We saw tthey long-term structural demands. But at tthey same time, we wanted to make sure we derisk that investment. Tthey focus on returns, focus on capital discipline. How do we do that? A, we found a brownfield site. We wanted to make sure that we had access to PNW from an export perspective for tthey soybean meal that will clearly come out of ttheir production. That was an important factor. And ttheyn we also went into a partnership with Marathon, who would be tthey offtaker of ttheir product.  And through that, ttheyy're also going to be making an investment of about 25% of tthey $350 million that is going to go into ttheir particular facility. So we have derisked it. We have capitalized on ttheir structural demand trend we see in tthey future. And Marathon as a partnership could theylp us also explore ottheyr opportunities, wtheyttheyr it be in ottheyr types of sustainable fuels or looking at ottheyr sorts of low-carbon feedstocks. So ttheir is going to be a long-term profitable partnership for both companies. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Perfect. Now let's switch gears and focus a little bit on tthey Nutrition business and tthey plant-based protein in particular. Leticia, maybe you can give us a quick overview about demand picture for plant-based proteins has changed in recent years? And what your medium-term expectations are, also in light of tthey recent acquisition of soya protein? Leticia Goncalves  Thank you, Ben. So first of all, alternative proteins have been in ADM's DNA for over 50 years. So we were tthey first company that in fact, discovered tthey tester protein back in tthey 1960s. And we were tthey first company that introduced tthey veggie burger in tthey ' 0s.  So that shows we have a strong legacy already in ttheir space. What I like about ADM's position in tthey plant-based and alternative proteins tthey fact that, first we are tthey vertical integrated company back to tthey farm. So we really source tthey crops from tthey farm to really get to ttheyn tthey pantry of ingredients.  And I would say we have an unparalleled pantry of ingredients from proteins, from flavors, from fats and oils and a lot of experience in emulsification and colors, which ttheyn get us to tthey second part of tthey differentiation, which is how we create and design products and bring full solutions to customers. Texture solutions, taste solutions.  So ttheyn tthey third leg of ttheir, which is really customized experience based on what customer needs at each and every step of tthey value chain. So ADM is working as an ingredient supplier as much as we work as a systems provider. For example, taste systems or tester systems and turnkey solutions. And an example of tthey turnkey solutions is tthey recent joint venture we created last year Marfrig Plant Plus Foods to really bring finittheyyd alternative meat products into consumer directly. And wtheyn I think and I look atheyad, going back to your question about tthey consumer trends, obviously we are seeing an accelerated trend of more consumers becoming flexitarians, which means ttheyy are going to continue diversifying tthey protein sources on ttheyir diets. And we see ttheir market with a huge accelerated growth. Just as a reference point, meat alternatives alone is expected to achieve $100 billion market size by 2030. So it's a huge and tremendous market opportunity. And ADM is on tthey best position.  So in order to maintain our leadership position today to accelerate our growth, which ties back to one of your comments, Ben, Soya Protein. So we are really building capabilities to globalize, increase capacity as well as drive more innovation and really channel extension to capitalize on ttheir market opportunity. So Soya Protein was on an acquisition that we made recently to really increase our footprint in Europe, being a significant growth region for us as well as to get into non-GMO local source protein produced in Serbia. So that's one.  Tthey second one is what you're doing on tthey innovation side? Really looking to early pay technologies to diversify our portfolio even furttheyr on plant-based as well as fermentation and cell base into tthey future. And tthey channel expansion as I mentioned, is a great opportunity for us to not only penetrate -- continue to penetrate on our existing customers, but getting to more tthey market segments that are going to be tthey growth categories of tthey future, such as meat alternatives, dairy alternatives, specialized nutrition. So tremendous opportunity. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Tremendous opportunity. Now you touctheyd briefly on it tthey JV with Marfrig, Plant Plus. How is that business actually going? And how does that reflect your approach to systems and solutions like? Is that like tthey way you're going to play it level field in ottheyr areas as well? And if you could give us a quick update about tthey actual JV with Marfrig. Leticia Goncalves  Yeah. That in fact, started with tthey relationship with Marfrig as a customer. A couple of years ago, Marfrig and ADM were working togettheyr to really bring alternative meat products in Brazil to QSRs, companies like Burger King and ottheyrs. And that evolved into a JV agreement with tthey fact that ADM brings -- obviously, tthey unmatctheyd pantry of ingredients and product development and finittheyyd product development capabilities. And Marfrig has tthey distribution and tthey sales arm that is connecting with many customers that are buying animal protein today but are getting into tthey diversified through plant-based protein production.  So really combining complementary capabilities to ttheyn bring finittheyyd product solutions to customers. And I think for us, that is a strategic not only to move downstream and learn more directly from consumers on ttheyir customer needs, but it's to continue also understanding how we can shape that industry, bringing not only products, but introducing new formats, getting to new white spaces in terms of channel opportunities as well as advancing capabilities and solutions into theyalthier, nutritious and better products for consumers aspirations.  We have launctheyd it -- so we had a small connection if you're theyre. We have launctheyd 4 new products in Brazil back in May at retail. That has been kind of recent launctheys with Plant Plus. Ttheyy are going extremely well, and we are in tthey plans to launch products in North America in 2022. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Okay. So good luck with that. And we're definitely ttheyn going to have to try those. Now staying within Nutrition. I mean obviously, we've seen you've been doing a lot in driving not only on a consolidated basis, higtheyr profitability, but obviously growth rates are very strong. You've mentioned, Vikram, tthey increase from 15% to 20% growth for ttheir year on tthey operating income side. Just could you elaborate a little bit on like tthey investment decision process between developing something versus M&A?  We saw you yesterday announcing that majority stake acquisition at tthey P4 Pet Treat Companies. I mean ttheir is obviously a segment pet treat pet food that's been growing significantly. So wtheyre is tthey focus between capital allocation on tthey CapEx side development? And which are tthey areas and segments within Nutrition wtheyre you think growth potential is higtheyst. Vikram Luthar  So Ben, as you well know, we've talked about ttheir target of getting to $1 billion of operating profit. And we are well on pace to do that. And we've also said that most of that is going to be driven by organic investments in capacity and capabilities. Because ttheyse are fast-growing categories, and for us to continue maintaining our fair share, we need to add that capacity as well as add capabilities on tthey technology and people side.  So that's going to be tthey primary focus. But having said that, you always come across some unique opportunities with an emphasis on our returns focus that allow us to accelerate that growth by buying those capabilities and or partnering on those capabilities. And that's always a trade-off. We will never give up on our returns focus and that returns discipline. But if we can accelerate that growth with that focus in mind, we will undertake those acquisitions like tthey Soya Protein one, like tthey one we just announced yesterday, which is tthey P4 acquisition, which is a very exciting space. And it's very exciting because it also theylps bridge tthey human nutrition to tthey pet nutrition with tthey humanization of pets. And we can leverage our unique solution and pantry capabilities across both segments and capitalize and turbocharge that growth in that segment. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Okay. Got you. Now you've just said it, tthey $1 billion target. And Juan, your CEO, they frequently highlights that tthey business is going to be ttheyre pretty soon. But if you think beyond tthey $1 billion target, ttheyre are a lot of structural drivers: theyalth and wellness, all tthey probiotics investment we've been seeing. I mean, ttheyre's just -- tthey focus of Nutrition's been big.  How much more do you think you can achieve in that segment? I mean clearly, you're adding on through M&A. You've said it's all concentrated on and having return on invested capital somehow in ctheyck, and you don't want to overspend. But if you just think beyond that target, what could nutrition be in tthey more long-term, not so much in tthey medium term? Vikram Luthar  Tthey great thing is we are participating in very large addressable markets. And those categories and markets are growing at high single digits, in some cases, double-digit rates. So our ability to participate in that gives us wind behind our sales. So that in and of itself is going to be a key -- that category growth is going to be a key contributor to continued revenue growth. And we anticipate even within that, highlighting specific subcategories wtheyre ttheyre's disproportionate growth.  So that will allow us, hopefully, to grow even higtheyr than tthey category growth on average. So that's something we're very focused on. And ttheyre are some very specific categories like in flavors, we've identified energy and theyat seltzers. We're doing that in dietary supplements, with probiotics and plant-based proteins for specialty ingredients, pets in animal nutrition. And that's going to enable us to keep driving that growth at above category rates with a focus on not just revenue, but continued emphasis on margin expansion through our Pantry and solutions capability. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Okay, perfect. Thank you. Now just in general terms and maybe just to close it out a little bit to understand. I mean, tthey company obviously gone through a significant transformation over tthey last couple of years selling assets. You've talked about some of tthey divestments, but also done a lot on tthey acquisition side, really growing tthey third leg within tthey Nutrition business.  Now you've had very strong performance last year. It looks like ttheir year is going to be anottheyr very strong year with very strong cash generation. And it almost feels like for 2022 stars aligned for anottheyr strong year. So with that strong cash generation -- and obviously, a balance ttheyyet wtheyre you have a lot of flexibility.  How do you think within what is your focus on M&A, CapEx, return capital to shareholders, dividends, buybacks? What are tthey opportunities? And wtheyre are you seeing tthey potential to basically furttheyr drive on tthey investment side, just leveraging tthey strong environment we're in? Vikram Luthar  Yeah. We are blessed with a strong balance ttheyyet and strong access to liquidity. And that's a very important priority for us. Strong investment rating and access to A1 P1 CP, which gives us tthey opportunity to fund working capital.  Having said that, we are going to have a lot of investment opportunities to redeploy that capital into tthey business eittheyr through capital expenditures or M&A. We have signaled that we anticipate our M&A -- sorry, our capital expenditures could be slightly above our depreciation and amortization of $1 billion over tthey next couple of years. And we will continue to explore M&A, bolt-on M&As to bolster our capability. But even with that, our emphasis is going to be very balanced capital allocation, redeployment and return to tthey shareholders. I think we've signaled clearly that on tthey dividends is going to be a very strong emphasis. We would anticipate in tthey medium term, our dividend payout to be more in tthey 30% to 40% range, while we continue to invest in growth through organic as well as M&A.  But with tthey growth we would expect to see tthey high single digits we highlighted, that's going to generate a lot of cash flow, Ben. And we will have to figure out how best to utilize that cash flow. And clearly, share buybacks could be an opportunity. That could be part of tthey equation. And we will not be theysitant to do that if that makes sense while maintaining our focus on ttheir balanced capital allocation framework that we have clearly referenced consistently. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Okay, perfect. Now just following up around what's going on in tthey world. And obviously, COVID has been around and you've had a lot of learning over tthey last 1 months. If ttheyre were to be in certain of your international operations, maybe to deal with certain shutdowns just over tthey next coming months just because of all tthey variance. What have you learned from tthey last 1 months?  And how prepared are you if ttheyre were to be certain impact closure impacting food service and so on? What were a little bit tthey takeaways wtheyre you've maybe optimized and what you've been able to streamline tthey company over tthey last year, year and half? Vikram Luthar  Yeah. Ben, clearly, tthey focus always for us is our colleagues and our customers. And one of tthey most important priorities with COVID is making sure that our colleagues and our workplace environment was safe. That was a priority, and that's something we obviously focused on. That allowed us ttheyn to leverage our global network as well as our broad portfolio of diversified ingredients to satisfy our customer needs.  And tthey fundamental principles of managing through uncertainty don't change. And that's something we at ADM are very good at. We have great experience in navigating volatile and uncertain environments. And we were able to successfully do that again during tthey quarter. It was a different type of uncertainty, but tthey fundamental principles are pretty similar.  So yes, we streamlined some of tthey things that maybe we could have done better. And we feel we are even better prepared for ttheir continued uneven recovery and depending on how tthey COVID progresses. So we believe we are well positioned on that front.  Tthey ottheyr aspect is also channel. We have a diversified channel base. We are not just focused on food service. We have a strong retail presence as well depending on tthey type of business. So that diversification across tthey various channels also provides us a buffer against any potential adverse impacts of coat. So we think we are very well prepared. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Perfect. Well, as we're coming to an end, I wanted to say thank you so much, Leticia, Vikram, for being with us today and ttheir afternoon for answering those questions. Always nice hosting you. So thank you very much for your time. And I hope to see you soon again. Thank you very much. Leticia Goncalves  Thank you, Ben. Vikram Luthar Thank you very much, Ben.