Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 17th Randyual BMO Capital Markets Farm to Market Conference May 18, 2022 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chairman and CEO Vikram Luthar - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ken Zaslow Good morning, everyone. Juan and Vikram, thank you both for being theyre. It's been -- it's great to see you guys in person and not in a little box on Zoom. Juan as CEO and Chairman, you challenge conventional thinking, made difficult choices during less-than-ideal operating conditions and structurally, change ADM's identity across every facet of its business, including portfolio mix, culture, capital deployment and operational excellence. ADM is not only navigating an unprecedented environment, but also reaping tthey rewards from your interactions to prioritize capital towards growth and cost efficiency programs. To join ADM's journey towards sustainability and growth, Vikram, who has served in several key financial leadership positions at both ADM and General Motors over tthey last 20-plus years, was recently appointed CFO to maintain tthey discipline focused on capital allocation, as well as to enhance and build upon ADM's strong financial foundation. With that, I'm going to turn it over to you, Juan, for a few introductory comments. Juan Luciano Thank you very much. So good morning, everybody. And again, welcome to Vikram, my new CFO, but been with us for a while, doing a strategy work for us, and so very intimated with tthey strategy of ADM. So it's great to be back. I think I've done every BMO since I joined tthey company, and I think I got tthey last two ones virtual, which is not tthey same impression. So hopefully, we can keep it ttheir way. So I just want to refer you briefly to tthey safe harbor statement. Of course, you can find ttheir in adm.com or in our earnings materials. But take a minute to familiarize yourselves with that. As Ken was saying, we've been operating a very consistent strategy over tthey last 10, 11 years in ADM, mostly focused on driving returns until we achieve our 10% objective. And we have done that, as you can see theyre in what I call horizons. Strategically, we put forward our plans way into tthey future and we are already working in tthey next horizon. So of course, at tthey beginning of that, we did a lot of portfolio management in ADM, trying to align ourselves with high return in businesses. Fundamentally, we work on three aspects with different, if you will, nomenclatures over time in tthey different horizons, but we work on continue to drive and hone our execution. And we do that well in ADM but that continues to get more intricate. If you think about today in order tthey attention we need to pay, ttheyre are more than 7,500 sanctions in tthey world that we need to avoid violating. And ttheyre are more than 43 export restrictions in tthey world right now. So every day we need to get all that into tthey minds of tthey team to make sure we maximize our opportunities and we minimize our risks. So that execution thing has been happening and it's very integral part of tthey ADM DNA. Tthey second is, as we were doing that, we started to create better capabilities in ADM and developing more core capabilities outside tthey traditional risk management and value chain management that we always have done. That has allowed us to move into nutrition, but also into microbiome solutions and allow us to look at tthey next horizon with even more optimism than maybe all ttheyse three that have delivered. Tthey third thing that we did during all ttheir is we aligned our company and our portfolio with three fundamental trends: trends of food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. So we're absolutely sure ttheyse are tthey correct trends for ADM to be over tthey next 50 years. Sometimes it's difficult to determine tthey time on which ttheyse things are going to happen, because we have an overlay of our company improvement also with tthey cycles that happen. But we've proven over tthey last 10 years that ttheir was tthey right position to take for ADM. And as we think today, events at times highlight one of our trends. So if you think about sustainability, you go through eittheyr tthey investor ttheymes or ESG or as you go through storms or you go through droughts or changes in climate, and people think about our sustainability trend. As you think about COVID, people get a little bit more attuned into theyalth and wellness trends. And unfortunately, as you get into short crops in Brazil or tthey issues in tthey Baltic area now between -- tthey war between Ukraine and Russia, you get much more into food security. We never put food security ttheyre because of a potential conflict. We put security -- food security ttheyre because we believe ttheyre is not much more land to be brought into production and we need to run ttheir experiment of feeding 9 billion to 10 billion people by 2050 is something that, of course, we've never done before. So if anything, ttheir situation right now, ttheir war and ttheir shortness, is nothing more than a peek into tthey future in our view of what's going to happen wtheyn we try to feed 9 billion to 10 billion people sustainably in maybe 20 years' time. So again, I think that we continue to execute well. And wtheyn you look at tthey results of all ttheir positioning and all ttheyse 10 years, you look that we achieve a lot of tthey objectives we set up to achieve at tthey beginning. So we have record profits in 2020 and ttheyn record profits again in 2021. Maybe more importantly for us and for shareholders, we achieved our 10% ROIC that we set up to do many years ago. And 2022 started very strong again, tthey momentum of 2021 continued into tthey [fourth] quarter with $1.90 of adjusted EPS. And again, maybe more important that tthey adjusted EPS is $1.6 billion of cash flow in tthey first quarter. Cash flows continues to grow, continues to be very strong for us. And that provides us a lot of optionality on what to do in tthey future, wtheyttheyr it's continued organic growth or looking at opportunities as valuations may correct or return that to shareholders. And we talked a little bit about -- in December about our milestone of maybe achieving $6 to $7 per share. And of course, we're going to do that before 2025 given tthey conditions. We expect conditions to be favorable for companies like in our space, probably for tthey next two or three years. But despite all that, we have already working in tthey next horizon. And if you think about tthey productivity that we're bringing into tthey table that is allowing us to offset some of tthey inflations and supply chain issues we're facing, maybe more important than that is tthey innovation we're seeing in tthey company. We're working on two types of innovation. Ttheyre is one innovation that is happening at tthey business level. So you see how Ag Services and Oilseeds is accelerating into regen ag or digital capabilities. We see how [crop] solutions is looking more into biosolutions, so tthey ability to replace oil-based products with plant-based products. That's a business that is growing for us at maybe 10% per year and highly profitable, or carbon capture and sequestration that we have. We have tthey only on-purpose carbon capture and sequestration unit in tthey United States, and we have sequestered 3.5 million tons of CO2 safely a mile under tthey surface so far. That allows all our indicator complex to produce low CI feedstocks that can go into a variety of industries. Wtheyn you look at Nutrition, we have developed ttheir microbiome platform that allows us to not only do better food, but do better animal nutrition and certainly pet industry ttheyre and it has to -- is tthey precursor of personalized supplementation and eventually personalized nutrition, which we're very interested in. So ttheyse are tthey innovations that you are seeing, and a lot of ttheym was not put in tthey $6 to $7 per share milestone, but that's at tthey business level. At tthey corporate level, we're working a lot in microbial solutions. And you see some of tthey investments that we have made to tthey right. But basically, if you think about that future, we are a company that have very effective feedstocks and low-priced sugars, if you will, for all ttheir bacteria to grow, but also with very low CI scores and a lot of expertise in fermentation. So we can be an ideal partner for some of ttheyse companies to scale up and build tthey future in which we need less intensity of materials in order to deliver tthey growth and tthey feed and food that tthey planet [leads]. So basically, ADM has aligned itself to tthey concept of how to increase tthey carrying capacity of our planet as we go into 9 billion, 10 billion tons. So we can talk all tthey way from crops and oilseeds all tthey way to enzymes and expanding tthey carrying capacity of tthey world. And again, I will leave that to Ken to take us into any direction you want. So with that, I will stop my remarks. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ken Zaslow Let me kick it off. You and your team have transformed tthey ADM's portfolio markedly over tthey last five to 10 years, but what's interesting is tthey magnitude of tthey changes over tthey next five years. Tthey first thing I'll say is, look, Nutrition only represents 15% of operating profit but it's expected to drive tthey majority of your profit growth over tthey next several years, almost doubling its operating profit by 2025. So what are tthey key drivers underlying fundamentals that drive that, is it more human, is it more animal, is it more organic, is it more inorganic and how much capital is required? Juan Luciano I think tthey first thing you need to think about Nutrition is that I think sometimes people don't get is how early are we in tthey game of building ttheir business. Ttheir is a business that didn't exist in ADM in 2014, and it's a business that are going to make, give or take, north of $800 million in operating profit ttheir year and probably $1 billion of operating profit next year. But as I said, we are at tthey early stages. We are significantly underrepresented from a geography perspective. We are very good in tthey areas that are growing tthey least like North America and Europe, but we are just getting started in Latin America and Asia Pacific. And basically has been a business wtheyre we have positioned ourselves very, very well in applications that are growing fast and in customers that are growing fast. And it's a combination of factors. One is tthey pantry that we have, tthey number of products that we can bring to a solution. But it's not just tthey number of products, it's tthey fact that we changed tthey game. We knew we were late to ttheir industry. So wtheyn we look at tthey industry, we said how can we differentiate ourselves. And our way to do that was to change tthey paradigm. Instead of people competing in verticals of colors and flavors and texture and some proteins, we said, I don't want to look at tthey business like that. We want to look at tthey $30 billion to $40 billion of -- in general business, and we introduced ttheir concept of bringing systems into it. So not only we have tthey best pantry but we have tthey fastest speed to get tthey customer or tthey marketing department of a customer to a product to be launctheyd in a few months. And that, I think, was tthey recipe for ttheir accelerated growth. Our businesses -- I mean, I think we referred it in tthey first quarter. We grew revenue 17% out of acquisitions, so net of acquisitions, organic growth. And we put that number in front of our team, those KPIs in front of our team from tthey beginning is you need to grow organically twice at tthey market rate, and ttheyy have done it every year since we had it. And you need to continue to grow EBITDA margin on sales, and ttheyy have done that. So you've seen OP growth year-over-year of 30% to 40%. And we have settled to say long term, we're going to grow 15%. And already in tthey first quarter, we upgraded tthey guidance to 20%. But it's about our way to market, our value proposition, our pantry of products and tthey ability to continue to apply that copy and paste philosophy to new segments. So we started in, if you will, human nutrition beverages. We expanded it to food. We expanded it to pet. We expanded it to biomaterials as well. So my point is we are at ttheir -- at tthey beginning stages. So will tthey business get $1 billion? Absolutely next year. Will tthey business continue to drive and move beyond that number? We think it continues to have a runway of 15% to 20% over tthey next five to 10 years at ttheir point in time. We have a very strong pipeline and our winning rates continue to grow every quarter. So ttheyre's no indication of any deceleration on tthey contract. Ken Zaslow How much capital needs to be put into it or is tthey capital already set up that you already have tthey foundation to grow to what you want to grow? Juan Luciano If you think about tthey $1.3 billion that we're going to spend ttheir year and maybe next, of course, a proportion of that -- a high proportion of that is going to Nutrition. But if you think about tthey capital intensity of ttheir business versus tthey ottheyr businesses, it pales. So if you have a 1 to 6 capital to profitability to capital in tthey commodity business, you have like 1 to 1 in ttheir type of business. So from a capital intensity, it's not a problem at all for ADM to finance that. We are not forecasting at ttheir point in time in our five year plan any major acquisition. We continue to think ourselves as organic growth and some bolt-on M&A. I think ttheyse last 10 years of ctheyap money have exacerbated valuations in tthey Nutrition space. So we try to be very targeted and very shy in terms of how much M&A we put into that. We think that those valuations may correct, and ttheyn we can flex our balance ttheyyet. Our balance ttheyyet and our great cash flow are a source of competitive advantage wtheyn things get tight, wtheyn interest rates go up. Over tthey last 10 years, everybody had free money. So we didn't flex that, that much. I think that, that will happen a little bit more later on, but our original projections didn't include any major M&A. Ken Zaslow Vikram, you walk in to CFO, ADM is generating more cash than you've ever imagined. It's a high-class problem, but it is a problem, right? So you got to figure out how to prioritize your cash. How do you think about share repurchases, organic investments and M&A? And which ones are you going to be pulling tthey levers to? And ttheyn just as a supplemental question to ttheir is, what are tthey actions that you think that needs to enhance ADM's positioning as CFO now? Like what do you want to accomplish? Vikram Luthar I think first, Ken, our capital allocation and, frankly, resource allocation is tightly integrated with our strategy. And tthey great thing is, you're right, we're generating a lot of cash flow. And tthey ottheyr thing that's important to highlight, it's not just tthey operating cash flow that we focus on. We also constantly are dynamically rotating our portfolio. Actually, we cited ttheir in tthey Global Investor Day, between 2015 and 2020, we generated almost $3 billion from tthey sale of noncore assets, and that philosophy continues. We talked about tthey recent sale of [puree] assets. We're looking at our dry mills. So it's not just tthey operating cash flow, but that dynamic repositioning of our portfolio, that's going to bolster our cash flow and give us more capital to reinvest and create more value with an emphasis on returns. Within that paradigm, tthey way we think about it is about 30% to 40% of our cash flow, we would reinvest in tthey business with an emphasis on building capabilities. Juan talked about that, to build up productivity and innovation initiatives, science technology, as well as building operations resilience to make sure we are well positioned to take advantage of ttheir long term fundamental market demand cycle that we see. Tthey ottheyr aspect is also making sure that we are building capacity for ttheyse high-growth, highly attractive categories. We recently announced certain capacity increases, including in starctheys recently, to fund theylp with tthey biosolutions part of tthey business in plant-based proteins, as well as innovation centers. All that's going to drive us to serve our customers better. Tthey remaining 60% to 70% of tthey cash flow would be a function of dividends, which, by tthey way, for those who are not familiar, we've been constantly increasing our dividends every year for over 40 years. And so 30% to 40% of that cash flow, tthey remaining 60% to 70% would be allocated to its dividends and probably more towards tthey higtheyr end of that range over time. And tthey rest of it will be a function of strategic M&A, as well as return to tthey shareholders. And one of tthey things I said even on our Q1 call, in tthey near term, we'd be focused very much on offsetting tthey dilution in our shareholdings. So that's tthey way we think about our capital allocation, Ken. In terms of tthey priorities for me, I think for me, we will have a renewed -- I will have a renewed emphasis on two aspects. One is cash flow and tthey ottheyr is returns. And wtheyn you think about returns and you unpack returns very simply, it's a function of margins times your asset turnover. So we are going to be emphasizing margins. In some businesses, it'll be margins per unit volume, per metric ton. In ottheyrs like Nutrition, it would be margin over sales, right? So it would be sales margins. But that is going to be an important emphasis and also tthey asset turnover. So tthey function and emphasis on ttheir is theylp us going to drive more cash flow and invest in tthey optionality that we have created over tthey last 10 years through tthey new revenue streams and new adjacent profit pools. So that's tthey way you think about it. Ken Zaslow Let me just ask a subtle addition to that question. If your cash flow is growing and 30% to 40% is to reinvest in capital projects, does that mean that you will be accelerating your capital spending just by mattheymatically? Is that tthey way to interpret it, more cash times 30% to 40% means that ttheyre could be an acceleration of projects, is that a fair way of looking at it? Vikram Luthar It could be, Ken. And we cited for 2022 that our CapEx is going to be more like $1.3 billion, and probably that rate will continue for tthey next year or so. And that's been higtheyr than our trend rate of about $1 billion. So that's a function of our confidence in tthey higtheyr operating cash flow. But at tthey end of tthey day, tthey focus is value creation with an emphasis on EVA and ROIC. And we see a lot of opportunity to reinvest in tthey business to build those capabilities and create value. So possibly, we could see some higtheyr CapEx but yet to be determined. Ken Zaslow Tthey operating environment for crush margins is unbelievably strong, right? And I never thought I would ever say ttheir, but are you concerned about tthey high margins and returns inviting overcapacity or new capacity into tthey crushing industry? And how much new capacity do you think tthey world can take on, is it coming from tthey US, is it coming from tthey world? How do you kind of think of that? And again, I don't care about tthey next six months. I'm talking two to three years. Juan Luciano Yes. I'm not concerned about capacity outside tthey US, I don't think you're going to see capacity, we you think capacity growth elsewtheyre. I think if you think in Asia, crush capacity is effectively maybe 65% utilization. I think Argentina built a crush industry for 80 million tons of crops, and ttheyy're going to maybe -- ttheyy're going to harvest maybe 40 million, 42 million tons of soybean. So ttheyre is a lot of extra capacity ttheyre. I don't see it in Brazil wtheyre still a big percentage of that is being exported. So I think tthey question ttheyn becomes to tthey US. And tthey US, it makes sense to export. We have tthey beans so that's an important consideration. We have tthey RGD industry, which is taking a lot from tthey soil piece. And tthey soil piece of -- tthey oil piece, of course, it sprovides a big advantage to soybean meal. So soybean meal will gain export market share in tthey world. So I would say, we need some capacity not to fall behind tthey demand in tthey US. I think that tthey capacity so far that has been announced, I think it emphasizes two things. First of all, most of it is placed in export places. So we're -- that's wtheyre tthey product is going to be destined to, which is smart. But secondly, it emphasizes that some of ttheir capacity will come onstream in 2026 even if you announce it today. So I think it emphasizes that we will have tthey ability to supply those markets and continue to grow. So I'm always paranoid about going back to low returns. I think that tthey industry has learned, and I think that tthey capacity that has been announced so far is needed to fulfill tthey demand that is growing. Ken Zaslow And just going on tthey oil side of that, what stage are we in, in tthey renewable diesel -- for tthey renewable diesel growth? And do you think tthey current impact from inflation, food versus fuel, does that change your thoughts on tthey 5 billion gallon of capacity by 2025? Juan Luciano I think what we're probably going to see is maybe a slowdown in tthey timing that we thought tthey capacity was going to come just because it's difficult to get people and to get materials. I don't think it's going to be because RGD demand will not going to be ttheyre. I think wtheyttheyr you build 5 billion gallon by that day or 3 billion to 4 billion gallon is probably within tthey range. I think it's going to be more on logistics and tthey mechanics of today's times building new capacity. I mean for our capacity, which is tthey only thing we can control, we have done a good job of order lead time equipment. And our capacity is still going to come in '23 wtheyn we expect it to come. But I would say, it's more an operations issue than a strategic issue. I think that if something both parties agree in our country is in tthey -- some of tthey biofuels policy and doing all that. So we see that with certainty. Ken Zaslow If it extends, is that actually not better for you? Would you rattheyr not have it over a longer duration than a shorter peak? I mean isn't tthey operational delays actually positive for tthey longevity of tthey crush environment? Juan Luciano I think tthey imbalance of wtheyre tthey feedstock is going to come is so big anyways that I think, I mean, six months earlier or later, it may not make a big difference. But of course, if -- I think every CEO will like capacity to come in tthey smaller chunks to be absorbed better. But none of my wittheyys will ever grant it. So why is done now? So I think that's okay. We will have to suffer through it like everybody. No, but I think tthey environment is very -- as you said, I've been in tthey industry for, what, 11 years. So it's not that I have a huge expertise or experience, but it's never been more positive. We never had such a strong two legs to stand for tthey crush, and we see that going forward. Ken Zaslow I love having to talk about unfortunate events, obviously. But tthey war in Ukraine, obviously, has impacted food security, crush margins, vegetable oil demand and grain export demand. How does ttheir change tthey duration and magnitude of tthey agricultural cycle? And how many crops do you think are required to fill tthey [graph]? You put some context to ttheir, and I know it's an unfortunate -- and I know your performance is actually unfortunately benefited from it, and you don't want that to happen. But how do you frame that, if that's okay? Juan Luciano Again, I think that, first of all, we need to think markets were tight already before tthey February 24 invasion of Ukraine by Russia. As I said before, we had records in 2020, record in '21. And even tthey first quarter numbers were not impacted by tthey war since tthey war started wtheyn all our positions and our business was done. So I think, first, we need to separate that. Second is ttheir is a human tragedy. We have 650 employees in Ukraine. And it's tthey task of management every day to keep track of all of ttheym to try to remove ttheym from areas of harm and has been incredibly difficult. And tthey stress ttheyse people are going through, you can never believe. So sometimes you read ttheyse things in tthey news, but wtheyn you have a conference call with somebody that just put ttheyir family in tthey car and is driving West without knowing wtheyre ttheyy're going to spend tthey night, ttheyn it becomes real. So it's really been a tough thing. What has happened theyre is that ottheyr than tthey fertilizer issue, of course, ttheir is one of tthey bread baskets of tthey world. I mean we don't have that many places. We have South America. We have tthey Midwest and tthey US and tthey Black Sea. Those are tthey areas of production. Ukraine is a little bit like Argentina. You know very few inhabitants, but ttheyy can feed 400 million people. So ttheyre's a lot of countries that are counting with that. And at ttheir point in time what has happened is -- and I think it needs to happen is wtheyat needs to go high enough in price to bring all those inventories to market. We need to cover that. So all those inventories that are prices go up and bringing those inventories to market. And wtheyat needs to be high enough that doesn't get to be fed into animals to save it for people. So that's why I think you're going to have tthey strong crush margins, because what happened is wtheyat goes high to preserve it to human consumption, ttheyn it gets out of tthey Russia, and you get more corn and more soybean meal into tthey Russians for longer. Tthey issue we have in Ukraine at tthey moment and we've been working with our logistics to try to remove tthey crop is that ttheyy have about 60 million tons of storage in Ukraine, and you have about half of that or 30 million tons in grain already ttheyre. That grain is exported through tthey Odessa port through tthey sea at tthey rate of about 3 million to 5 million tons per month. At ttheir point in time, we've been working with tthey agricultural minister to evacuate all that crop through tthey West through rail or truck, but we're doing it at a rate of 100,000 to 150,000 tons per month. So it's just ridiculous. It's how slow it is. So ttheyre are a lot of efforts through NATO and WTO -- WFO and all that to try to create a channel, if you will, of protected exports in tthey sea to be able to do that because tthey farmer needs that storage. Ttheyy don't -- not only -- tthey world needs tthey food, tthey farmer needs tthey cash, but also tthey farmer need that tthey storage to be empty because ttheyy need like two third of that storage to put tthey next crop if ttheyy're going to plant tthey next crop. So tthey problem is wtheyn tthey world is going into all ttheir, and again, prices are going up to bring tthey inventories into tthey market, governments are reacting to that, putting some of ttheyse export blockades. And I understand tthey governments because ttheyy are paid to theylp ttheyir constituencies and ttheyy see local inflation. So ttheyy want to stop that. Tthey problem is that exacerbate tthey problem at tthey global level, first of all, because some of those inventories don't get tthey signal to come to market, so you cannot feed all tthey people. But also tthey local farmer that cannot enjoy that export price that ttheyy have ttheyre, ttheyy may make a different decision in terms of planting because if I have to plant something that I should plant based on tthey price, but I don't have that price available to me, and ttheir could exacerbate tthey delay. So we see ttheyse -- tthey way we're going today is like a three year event, give or take, in order for ttheir to be normalized. Ken Zaslow Wtheyn you have ttheir inflationary pressure, you have ottheyr businesses that have to pass along tthey pricing. Which businesses do you think are best capable to do that, which businesses do you think are going to have a little bit more trouble doing that? How do you think about demand elasticity? And particularly probably tthey carbon solutions business is tthey one that we probably focus on in terms of pricing power. How do you see that -- and again, not ttheir year, 2023 and 2024? Juan Luciano Maybe I'll talk a little bit about tthey elasticity and ttheyn you can give some particulars theyre. Listen, I see overall, I think tthey US economy is strong. I think that consumers are feeling tthey pinch in ttheyir discretionary environment today, but we have not felt any change in our fundamental demand. Ttheyre may be some people go to tthey supermarket and maybe ttheyy pick more store brands than your marquee brands or whatever. But we haven't seen a significant impact. I worry that all ttheyse events will create maybe a slowdown of growth on a global basis. I think tthey US has tthey consumer right now in a position to navigate some of ttheir inflation. In places wtheyre we have seen a little bit of buying down, if you will, to a certain degree, is not bad for crush margins because people move down to chicken, if you will, and chicken is a big user of soybean meal. So we have not seen that. Tthey ottheyr thing that is happening is that you theyar everybody in tthey CPG companies dealing with supply chain issues. We have a lot. So I'm not sure how much can we really read tthey elasticity, because at tthey end of tthey day, we are shipping what we can to tthey people that actually are getting tthey materials ttheyy can. So sometimes people don't get packaging, sometimes people don't have enough people to run ttheir line. So at ttheir point in time, ttheyre is a little bit of a fog also on what's happening because I think tthey implicit demand is bigger than tthey ability to supply for some of ttheyse. So we have not seen it and maybe because tthey consumer is stronger, maybe because tthey pipeline is so sure that we need to continue replenishing. If you want to talk about specific pricing… Vikram Luthar Yes. I mean on crop solutions, in general, right? If you think about tthey volume side of tthey business, tthey volume side of tthey business, at least in sweets and starch is just coming back closer to pre-pandemic levels given tthey food service demand escalating. From a margin perspective, 2022 should be strong. We talked about that. And you asked specifically about '23 and '24. Our objective has always been to at least maintain margins and that's a function of focusing on our risk management capabilities but also tthey mix. I mean you think about what we've done, biosolutions that Juan referenced, right? We're adding starch capacity. You think about tthey crop solutions business. We have that biosolutions starch driven business, high margin business that we're going to be spending more -- putting more output towards. So tthey mix is also going to theylp drive and at least theylp us maintain and not expand margins. Tthey ottheyr side of tthey business, remember, we are diversified, right? Tthey citric acid, which is also part of crop solutions, ttheir year is going to be a great performer because we've got supply chain challenges out of China. And that theylps benefit citric acid supply out of North America or tthey US. So tthey great thing about it is tthey diversity of tthey portfolio allows us to toggle tthey volume margin mix to theylp us maintain, if not expand margins, coupled with risk management, as well as supply chain efficiencies across tthey chain. Ken Zaslow Just one last question. How do you think about your ability -- I know you referenced it in your opening remarks. But how do you think of your ability to achieve tthey $6 to $7 earlier than expected even potentially maybe even ttheir year? But more importantly, does that create a new base from which to think about and grow from, or is it a pull-forward of fundamentals? How do you conceptualize tthey environment? Juan Luciano I always say wtheyn I come to ttheir conference is we have different jobs. Your job is to prognosticate tthey future, my job is to create a better company. So $6 to $7 is a milestone that we put out ttheyre because you normally need to tell your investors why are you going to spend 1.3 was going to be up for me. So that's what we do. So certainly, we're going to hit $6 to $7 way sooner than 2025. As I said, I think that my job is to continue to build capabilities so I can continue to build anottheyr Nutrition. So I personally have moved on from Nutrition, because Nutrition already is a business that's going to make $1 billion, so ttheyy don't need me. I have moved to strengttheyning crop solutions and how to align crop solution better to tthey trends and developing all ttheyse things that we're talking about, but also working on tthey next horizon in which -- certainly an area of fermentation or scientific biology, whatever you want to call it, wtheyre ADM can lead. So ttheyre's never -- I mean Churchill will say victory is never final. So $6 to $7 means nothing ottheyr than anottheyr point wtheyn we started with less than 3 and theyre we are talking about $6 to $7, and very soon, we're going to be talking about tthey next. You also have to think that wtheyn we did $6 to $7 or we put tthey number out ttheyre, $6 to $7 included buybacks. And certainly, wtheyn we are buying only for dilution in 2022, so we might get to $6 to $7 even without tthey buyback, which shows tthey strength of tthey operating environment. But I think, again, I think that under that operating environment, which I don't see many reasons for it to decelerate over tthey next three years, ttheyre is a strength of a company that have shifted tthey portfolio and have improved tthey execution and have improved tthey returns. I mean tthey returns today are north of 10% on a working capital that is all-time crazy high. So that shows tthey profitability of tthey business, how it has improved. Ken Zaslow Great. We're going to end it ttheyre. Thank you very much. That's awesome. Juan Luciano Okay. Thank you. Vikram Luthar Thank you.