Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Nicholas Britt - VP-IR Juan Luciano - Chairman and CEO Vikram Luthar - CFO Conference Call Participants Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Manav Gupta - UBS Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Andrew Strelzik - BMO Salvator Tiano - Bank of America Steve Haynes - Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Nicholas Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin. Nicholas Britt Thank you, Alex. Hello, and welcome to tthey second quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of ttheir webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation. To tthey extent permitted, under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our second quarter results, share progress highlights on our first half accomplishment and provide perspective on our outlook for tthey second half. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review segment level performance for tthey quarter and first half and provide an update on our cash generation and capital allocation actions. Juan will have some closing remarks, and ttheyn they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I'll now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Nicholas, and thanks to those who have joined us for today's call. Today, ADM reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.89 with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.6 billion. Combined with first quarter results, ttheir equates to a first half adjusted earnings per share of $3.98 and an adjusted operating profit of $3.4 billion. Our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13.8%. Tthey first half of 2023 has probably unfolded as we expected and our financial performance nearly replicates tthey record results from tthey first half of last year, even as we face a more challenging macroeconomic and demand environment to start tthey year. Through active positioning, strong margin management and leveraging our geographically diverse end-to-end supply chain network, we maintain our earnings power and a strong ROIC performance bolstered by key strategic accomplishments across tthey enterprise. Please turn to Slide 4. Let me highlight just a few across tthey business. In Ag Services & Oilseeds, our team leveraged past investments in port capabilities to produce record origination volumes out of our Brazilian facilities, expanded our regenerative agriculture partnerships and leverage our ability to flex crush capacity to capitalize on higtheyr canola crush margins. In tthey latter instance, we flexed more than 300,000 tons of capacity and captured an additional $40 per metric ton of margin. In Carbohydrate Solutions, strategic investments in optimization and modernization allowed our team to manage increased demand for liquid sweeteners, drive growth in BioSolutions revenue and operating profit and produced record results in our milling and international corn businesses. In Nutrition, our unique go-to-market strategy continues to drive a larger sales pipeline and deliver double-digit growth in tthey Flavors business, thanks to an impressive performance in EMEA and new wins in North America. Wtheyn you combine all of ttheyse aspects across ADM's full business portfolio, it's clear how we are able to convert challenges in one geography, product or business segment into value drivers in anottheyr. Next slide, please. Let's review tthey factors that we see as important drivers for a strong second half finish in 2023. We expect continued strength in Brazil origination for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our past strategic investments in port facilities in Brazil optimize origination network and deep connection to our global trade and destination marketing teams will allow us to export strong volumes, capitalizing on tthey record Brazilian soybean and corn crops. Biofuels demand continues to remain strong. Through tthey first half of tthey year, we saw robust margins from biodiesel, strong demand for ethanol and an increasing demand for vegetable oil from renewable green diesel and we expect ttheir trends to continue in tthey second half. Our Spiritwood, North Dakota processing facilities is sctheyduled to start up in Q4, adding 1.5 million metric tons of annual soy crush capacity to our portfolio and producing low carbon intensity soybean oil for our JV partner Marathon's nearby renewable diesel facility. Projects like ttheir will support growing demand for renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel throughout tthey industry. We also see continued resilience in food demand for core products. We expect tthey continued solid margin and volume environment for sweeteners, starctheys and flours. We are beginning to convert our pipeline of wins in Human Nutrition into operating profit. Well, ttheyre are some factors that have hindered growth in tthey portfolio, we believe positive momentum from Flavors is a predictor of a theyalthy rebound. We also see continued commodity market dislocations in tthey second half. ADM has tthey unique ability to execute with agility in a dynamic environment. Our team utilizes our unparalleled global asset footprint and end-to-end supply chain to adapt to evolving market conditions and meet global food security needs while driving strong returns. Lastly, our balance ttheyyet remains theyalthy, and we are flexing it toward organic investments and opportunistic share buybacks. We continue to deploy capital to drive organic productivity and innovation-oriented programs such as Spiritwood, Valencia and Marshall as well as invest in our plant automation efforts and our broad decarbonization initiatives. And our $1 billion in share repurchases in tthey first half highlights our confidence in tthey strong cash generation and growth potential of our company. As we look at tthey back half of tthey year, we intend to continue our share repurchase program. We feel that ttheyse factors are fundamental drivers of our strong second half performance. I am proud of how our team has delivered halfway through tthey year and even more excited about tthey opportunities presented in tthey second half and what our team can deliver. Taking collectively, we are raising our earnings expectations for full year 2023. With that, let me turn it over to Vikram, who will go into more detail on tthey results of operations. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 6. Tthey Ag Services & Oilseeds team continues to deliver exceptional results in a dynamic environment, leading to an extremely strong performance in tthey first half of 2023, surpassing tthey outstanding first half of tthey prior year. Q2 results were strong, but slightly below tthey prior year period. Ag Services results were in line with tthey strong second quarter of 2022. South American origination results were higtheyr year-over-year as tthey team delivered record volumes and higtheyr margins on strong export demand, leveraging our strategic investments to expand port capacity to capitalize on tthey record Brazilian soybean crop. Results for North America origination was slightly lower year-over-year, driven by lower export volumes due to large South America suppliers. Our execution in destination marketing as well as effective risk management continue to deliver strong global trade results, though lower than tthey record quarter last year. In our crushing subsegment, results were much lower than tthey record result from tthey second quarter last year. Global soy crush margins remained strong but were lower year-over-year in all regions due to softer demand for both meal and oil and a tight U.S. soybean carryout. Ttheir was partially offset by strong softseed margins and higtheyr volumes supported by a strong Canadian canola crop and use of our flex capacity in EMEA. Additionally, ttheyre were approximately $195 million of negative mark-to-market timing effects in tthey current quarter that are expected to reverse as tthey contracts execute in future periods. Refined products and ottheyr results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year period, achieving a record second quarter. North America results were higtheyr, driven by strong food oil demand and improved biodiesel volumes. In EMEA, strong export demand for biodiesel and domestic food oil demand supported stronger margins. Additionally, ttheyre were approximately $90 million of positive mark-to-market timing effects in tthey current quarter that are expected to reverse as tthey contracts execute in future periods. Equity earnings from Wilmar were lower versus tthey second quarter of 2022. Looking atheyad for tthey third quarter, we anticipate solid results in Ag Services & Oilseeds. We expect strong demand for grain exports to be theyavily weighted towards South America and our Brazilian origination footprint. We anticipate strong volumes and margins for soy and canola crush based on tthey tight Argentine crop and improving demand outlook for meal and oil. We expect RPO to perform well but have significant reversals of timing impacts from tthey second quarter, leading to lower net execution margins. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered strong results in Q2, but lower than tthey record second quarter of last year. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners subsegment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, capitalized on a solid demand environment during tthey quarter. North America Starctheys and Sweeteners delivered volumes and margins similar to tthey prior years, and ethanol margins were solid as industry stocks moderated but lower relative to tthey prior year. Q2 results were negatively impacted due to unplanned downtime at one of our corn germ plants. In EMEA, tthey team effectively managed margins to deliver improved results. Tthey global wtheyat milling business posted higtheyr margins, supported by steady customer demand. BioSolutions continued on its excellent growth trajectory with 22% revenue growth year-over-year. Vantage Corn Processors results were lower due to lower year-over-year ethanol margins. Tthey prior year period also includes a onetime $50 million benefit from tthey USDA biofuel producer recovery program. We continue to make progress on our initiatives to decarbonize tthey Carbohydrate Solutions footprint including our definitive agreement with Tallgrass to sequester carbon from our Columbus, Nebraska facility and continued progress on decarbonizing our decade complex through additional carbon capture and sequestration wells, as well as ultra-low-carbon intensity, electricity and steam generation. Ttheyse are key steps in enabling us to produce low CI feedstocks for use in many applications for our major CPG customers and underpinning our growth opportunities, such as SAS, BioSolutions and our lactic acid polylactic acid joint venture with LG Ctheym. Looking atheyad for tthey third quarter, we expect continued steady demand in margins for our starctheys, sweeteners and wtheyat flour products. Ethanol margins are also expected to remain solid. On Slide 8, Nutrition results were significantly lower than tthey prior year's record quarter. Human Nutrition results were slightly up year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Our Flavors business posted record results in Q2, growing revenues and EBITDA margins due to improved mix and pricing in EMEA, as well as improving demand in North America. Flavors will be a significant growth engine for Human Nutrition for tthey remainder of tthey year and will act as a pace setter for tthey rest of our portfolio. Customer innovation in beverage is beginning to accelerate, and our value proposition is driving our sales pipeline to its largest ever. Growth in Flavors was offset by lower year-over-year results in Specialty Ingredients. While ttheyre has been softening of demand for plant-based proteins, particularly for tthey alternative meat space, ottheyr categories like alternative dairy snacks and baked goods as well as specialized nutrition are providing growth opportunities. Although still a small OP contributor, Health and Wellness is seeing demand recovery in probiotics and is benefiting from geographic expansion opportunities offered through ADM's global footprint and customer relationships. Our largest challenge in 2023 has been in tthey Animal Nutrition business were significantly lower amino acid margins and softer global feed demand has affected volumes driving much lower results. Over tthey past several months, we have made important adjustments to align tthey business to ttheir environment, including simplifying our brands and go-to-market strategy, consolidating facilities and optimizing our footprint, rightsizing tthey workforce in association with ttheyse changes and aligning tthey reporting structure to enhance synergies. We are also refocusing our efforts to increase offerings in tthey higtheyr-margin specialty feed and ingredients areas. We believe ttheyse actions will lead to improved commercial and operational performance, supporting profitable growth wtheyn market fundamentals improve. Wtheyn looking at Nutrition as a whole, we now expect 2023 results to be similar to tthey prior years, as we expect growth in Human Nutrition to be offset by lower results in Animal Nutrition. However, given tthey increase in customer innovation we've seen in our Flavors business and our recent wins in pipeline growth across Human Nutrition, as well as tthey actions we are taking in Animal Nutrition, we remain confident about tthey future outlook and growth prospects for Nutrition. Slide 9, please. Ottheyr business results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higtheyr net interest income. Captive insurance improved on premiums from new programs, partially offset by increased claim settlements. In corporate results, net interest expense for tthey quarter increased year-over-year, primarily on higtheyr short-term interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs of $262 million was similar versus tthey prior year as lower theyalth insurance costs were offset by increased global technology spend. Ottheyr corporate was unfavorable versus tthey prior year, primarily due to foreign currency theydges. We still project corporate costs to be approximately $1.5 billion for tthey year. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey second quarter was -- of 2023 was approximately 18%, in line with tthey prior year. For tthey full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Through tthey second quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $2.5 billion. We allocated $600 million to capital expenditures as well as returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to have ample liquidity with nearly $13 billion of cash and available credit, and our leverage ratio are low with an adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at 1.0. Our strong balance ttheyyet and credit ratings provide a stable financial footing for ADM to pursue our strategic growth initiatives while also returning capital to shareholders. We still anticipate $1.3 billion of capital expenditures in 2023. As Juan mentioned, we have already completed tthey $1 billion of share repurchases that we announced in January ttheir year. We intend to continue our share repurchase program, subject to ottheyr strategic uses of capital. Based on our very strong first half, we are raising our full year earnings outlook to around $7 per share with potential for even more upside. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. As we wrap up today's call, let me highlight a few opportunities that we're excited about as ADM continues to execute our strategic agenda, wtheyre we're seeing value generation today and have plans to accelerate. Let's start with digitization and automation. Our ongoing work to modernize and automate our operations is ramping up. Our eight current implementations across North America and Europe are generating millions in run rate benefits. And we have 10 more starting in Q3 with tthey expectation of similar scalable benefits. Our 1ADM program is accelerating our decision-making and analytics capabilities across tthey company, theylping us find faster path to productivity. With our HR systems now in place globally, our next milestone is bringing part of tthey Nutrition flavors business on board. In LatAm, we have implemented technology to optimize trade and commercial processes while digitizing freight and logistics contracting. All of ttheir is theylping us reduce costs and make better, faster decisions to deliver value to ADM and our customers. Sustainability and decarbonization have opened new avenues for growth across tthey enterprise while ensuring we are taking tthey necessary actions on our own footprint. Our STRIVE 35 program continues to deliver important progress, and our recent sustainability report shows our efforts in greenhouse gas emissions, waste reduction, no deforestation and crop traceability achieving targets atheyad of plan. As we continue to support our most significant customers with carbon advantage crop sources, we recently announced regenerative Ag program targets of 2 million acres in 2023 with an additional 2 million acres by 2025. With tthey recent Tallgrass agreement and permit submissions, CO2 from ADM facilities in Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois is now targeted to be captured and stored safely and permanently underground within our expand indicator CCS well capacity. Ttheir theylps decarbonize our customers' value chains and our own across important opportunity spaces like BioSolutions and sustainable aviation fuel. And we are continuing to invest in tthey next phase of innovation. Our new Decatur protein solution center is engaged in ADM's world-class science and technology capabilities to deliver on tomorrow's most important consumer nutrition trends. Collaboration between ADM and our ventures partners take us beyond today's alternative protein sources to theylp address critical areas of sustainability, wellness and affordability. Leveraging our deep fermentation expertise and capacity is positioning us to scale tthey next generation of food, feed, fuel, fabrics and ottheyr industrial products with key partners. Tthey combination of technology alongside global trends in sustainability, food security and well-being is transforming tthey food and agriculture industry at tthey fastest pace since tthey last century. And ADM is at tthey forefront of ttheir transformation and connected growth opportunities, which give us even more confidence in our long-range growth plans. Thank you for your time today. Vikram and I look forward to your questions. Alex, please open tthey line. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Ben, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you very much. Good morning, Juan. Good morning, Vikram. Juan Luciano Good morning. Vikram Luthar Good morning. Ben Ttheyurer So I'd like to -- just a general question on obviously, like tthey puts and takes. You're raising your guidance at tthey higtheyr end of what 6% to 7% was now around 7%. And obviously, you had a very strong first half, but ttheyn at tthey same time, you're looking for a little more softness in Nutrition. So maybe theylp us understand how you feel about just macro picture in general demand? What are tthey geopolitical assumptions that you have behind your outlook and how you feel about second half and ttheyn also beyond maybe into 2024, as it relates to general demand in an environment wtheyre we're in right now. Thank you. Juan Luciano Sure, Ben. Yes, of course, first of all, we're very proud of tthey results we accomplittheyyd in tthey quarter and in tthey first half. And certainly, we are more confident about tthey environment atheyad of us for ADM. I would say -- let me highlight some of tthey reasons for that. Certainly, crush margins have started to pick up as we predicted before. Ttheyy continue to get better. Board crush has been firmer and mill basis has been stronger and BIM basis have dropped in tthey U.S. as we have anticipated. I think ttheyre is a shift in which tthey world needs more protein, ttheyn we need more mill, and we can cover for Argentina shortcomings ttheir year. So that is happening as we predicted. And certainly, it's going to be very good for Q3 and Q4. I think we're seeing ttheyse huge crops in Brazil. We see tthey Brazilian port congestion driving a lower interior basis and allowing us to procure ctheyaper grains, giving margins to those companies that have invested in tthey infrastructure to be able to capitalize on that, which we did, both in Santos and in Barcarena in Brazil. So, that's playing very well for us. Tthey last time we talked, ethanol inventories were around 25 million to 26 million barrels. Now we are at tthey end of June at about 22 million. Ttheyre is -- we see a strong spot demand for ethanol and corn tough to buy. So that has made margins strengttheyn, and ttheyy are holding. So we are positive about ethanol margins continued in that regard. We continue to see ttheir trend in biofuels and we have a strong book on biodiesel for tthey quarter. So we feel good about that. We are seeing lower recession challenges and tthey U.S. consumer very resilient, and that's bringing resiliency in our core products for food demand. And we see that in carb solutions, wtheyttheyr it's sweeteners and starctheys or wtheyttheyr it's in milling. So as you highlighted, of course, and Vikram went deep into that, tthey issues in Nutrition, I would say we feel good about how our value proposition continues to resonate in flavors. Flavors is more beverage kind of business, if you will. Tthey innovation happens a little bit faster ttheyre. So we see our pipeline continues to grow. That bodes very well for what we know tthey potential revenue is in 2024. So again, we continue to align tthey company to ttheyse big three trends, food security that with all tthey geopolitics and tthey weattheyr makes ADM assets more valuable and gives us more margin in destination marketing services, for example. We see theyalth and well-being, and that continues to show in all tthey flavors innovation that we're seeing with our customers. And we see tthey sustainability trend driving all ttheyse opportunities in decarbonization. I would say we shouldn't forget wtheyn we mentioned ttheir, that eittheyr in automation on decarbonization, we are at tthey early innings of multiyear progress for tthey industry and for ADM. So I think that we feel very good about '23 and we feel even better about tthey future. Ben Ttheyurer Perfect. Thank you, very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Ben, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Ben Bienvenu Hi, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Ben Bienvenu I want to just follow-up just on tthey -- good morning, on tthey Nutrition business and maybe to tthey extent that you can talk a little bit about tthey cadence as we move through tthey back half of tthey year. I appreciate tthey updated comments on overall results being flat year-over-year. But ttheyre's -- with Animal Nutrition expected to be down year-over-year, ttheyre's a pretty substantial ramp in tthey human side of things. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about tthey visibility that you have into that? And ttheyn to tthey extent you can parse between 3Q and 4Q as you see it today, that would be theylpful. Vikram Luthar Yes, Ben. So I think let's just take a few minutes to talk about why our guide has gone from 10% growth to flat. Animal Nutrition cyclical weakness is persisting for longer than we anticipated. Consumers continue to trade down from higtheyr value, more feed intensive to lower value, less feed intensive proteins. Reformulation to reduce feed cost is also impacting volumes. Plant-based proteins, particularly in tthey alternative meats continues to be softer than anticipated. Tthey destocking actually is still continuing in that category. And tthey broader market growth has also moderated, which we had signaled before. Third, tthey demand fulfillment challenge in pet solutions are taking longer than anticipated resolve. Tthey delay was driven primarily by slower than anticipated integration of tthey recent small business acquisition that we made in North America. And if you remember, we had COVID, and that delayed also tthey integration. So we're working through that. But what are we doing? And that's important as you think about tthey back half as well as tthey future. Flavors. Strong pipeline and win rates. We talked about tthey largest ever pipeline we've had. Flavors actually grew profits in tthey first half 9%, 20% in Q2. So that's a very good sign of tthey recovery we are seeing in parts of tthey Human Nutrition business. Tthey ottheyr thing that's important to note, Flavors actually contributed almost 50% of tthey overall operating profit for Nutrition in tthey first half. So that's an important signal as you think about tthey future growth of Nutrition. Yes, that was primarily driven in tthey beverage category, but we see green shoots of opportunity in tthey food category as well. In tthey SI side, we are leveraging our CD&D capabilities to accelerate penetration into some of tthey faster-growing categories. I mentioned alternative spaces, alternative meat has been soft but alternative dairy and some of tthey ottheyr categories actually growing. And we are launching our Decatur protein innovation center in Q3. All that, given our CD&D capabilities allows us to pivot to categories that are growing. And that sometimes takes time. So we anticipate that recovery possibly to come in more in tthey 2024 time frame, less in tthey back half of ttheir year. In Animal Nutrition, we are taking actions to improve margins, cost and product and footprint rationalization to improve margins and also to drive profitable growth as tthey markets recover. So we feel good about tthey recovery as tthey market recovers. And in parallel, what we are doing is looking at tthey specialty part of our Animal Nutrition portfolio to leverage our Human Nutrition, CD&D and go-to-market capabilities to be able to drive increased penetration ttheyre. On tthey pet side, demand creation is going to take a little longer, possibly into tthey back half of ttheir year and into 2024. But overall, we clearly see signs of recovery, and our forward outlook for Nutrition is still strong and robust in terms of growth. Ttheir year, given some of tthey challenges we faced, we expect it to be similar to last year. Juan, I don't know if you want to add some longer-term perspective. Juan Luciano Listen, Ben, as Vikram said, we continue to be very positive. We look at ttheir -- remember, wtheyn we started tthey Nutrition business, which we're still trying to build into tthey best nutrition company in tthey world, we ask our team that we're going to measure ttheym by two factors. One was growing faster than market and in markets wtheyre tthey customers are still moving and innovation is coming, like in Flavors, we've seen that we're growing faster than market, and you can see it by tthey double-digit growth that we have so far. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that we said was EBITDA margin on sales growing, and we grew EBITDA marginal sales in Flavors. So I think that in tthey ottheyrs, I think Vikram has -- ttheir industry is going through a difficult destocking year and ttheyre has been some self-inflicted things like tthey integration of ttheir small facility in Pet. So I think we're working through some of our growing pains as we build tthey portfolio. But I think tthey important thing is our innovation system, our value proposition to bring new recipes to customers faster than anybody else continues to outperform tthey industry and that we're seeing in tthey results. Wtheyn customers have projects like in beverage and all that, we excel. Wtheyn customers are flat or destocking, it takes a little longer. We still expect tthey trajectory to be similar in that regard. Ben Bienvenu Okay. Very good. My second question is on Starctheys and Sweeteners. You noted similar volumes and margins in tthey second quarter. You did have a plant that was down unexpectedly. Could you talk about tthey impact of that that's discrete to tthey second quarter? And ttheyn you point to solid margins for sweetener, starctheys and flour in tthey back half of ttheir year, would you expect -- would you characterize that more specifically as similar margins and volumes again? Or do you expect an improvement in tthey back half of tthey year? Thank you. Vikram Luthar Sure. So Ben, let's talk about tthey germ crush facility outage. In April, we had an incident at one of our grain elevators at tthey West plant within ADM's processing complex indicator. Ttheir negatively impacted tthey Carbohydrate Solutions Q2 results by a significant amount. Germ was actually sold into feed markets as our wet mills were slow to reduce tthey overall exposure to germ, lowering also ethanol production volumes at a time wtheyn ethanol margins were strong. We anticipate ttheir to come back in Q4. So yes, Q2 was impacted. I won't get into tthey specifics but tthey fact that it was significant enough for us to call it out means it was a meaningful number. But it is going to come back in Q4. So ttheyrefore, based on that, you can expect some seasonality, some shift from Q2 to Q4 as a consequence of that. But for tthey full year, we still remain very -- tthey outlook for tthey full year still remains very strong. Tthey sweeteners and starch and actually also tthey growth of milling volumes have been very resilient. We've seen some softening in tthey specialty side of tthey portfolio, but that's been more than offset by mix and margins. So I'd say, overall, tthey outlook is solid. And yes, we did have a material impact, a significant impact due to tthey corn germ in Q2. Ben Bienvenu Okay. Thanks and congratulations. Vikram Luthar Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan. Tom, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Tom Palmer Good morning, and thanks for tthey question. Juan Luciano Good morning. Tom Palmer Perhaps we could just talk through tthey moving pieces as we migrate to tthey North America harvest. We've seen crush margins in tthey U.S. strengttheyn, especially in tthey past month or so. Looks like we've seen maybe just a little bit of a beginning in ottheyr regions of tthey world. I think often, wtheyn you see our weaker-than-expected supply coming out of tthey country, ottheyr regions of tthey world often benefit. And at least up to ttheir point, and I know we're atheyad of tthey harvest, we haven't seen that necessarily in margins. I mean, how do you guys think about as we think about tthey balance of tthey year, kind of regional expectations for crush progressing? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Tom. As I said before, I think that wtheyn you see tthey world needs more protein and certainly, we can see that given tthey Argentine GAAP , which is ttheyy produce probably 20 million, 25 million tons less soybeans and maybe tthey world was expecting ttheym to produce, that's reallocating crush, we are locating crush to two places; we are locating crush to Brazil and reallocating crush to U.S. So of course, tthey time of that is different. And so we see that in tthey margins that we see for tthey U.S. coming into Q3 and ttheyn Q4. Demand continues to be strong for meal. Ttheyre won't be so much protein that is not going to just be soybean meal, but ttheyre's going to be ottheyr types of protein feed, wtheyttheyr it's feed wtheyat and all that. So wtheyn you take that, combined with tthey increased demand from fuels, but also oils for food consumption. If we expect soybean oil demand to go up like 8%, it's like about 6% coming from food and maybe 2% coming from fuel. But my point is crush margins are supported from everywtheyre. Of course, as tthey world gets to try to cover for ttheyse soybeans, tthey margins will be wtheyre you are closer to tthey physical product to have access to tthey physical soybeans. And that's wtheyre ADM footprint and ADM combined with origination and global trade wtheyre we excel. So I think tthey team had a great first half, and ttheyy are expecting a great second half. And we don't see anything that can derail ttheir for quite some time. I hope that provides some perspective. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Manav Gupta Hi. My quick question theyre is we are in tthey second phase wtheyre a number of new plants on tthey R&D side will start up in tthey second half of ttheir year including one of your partners, which is starting up a bigger plant on tthey West Coast. So I'm just trying to understand from tthey demand perspective of soyabean oil, do you expect a much stronger demand environment than what we saw in tthey first half of ttheir year? Juan Luciano Yes, I think that we have all ttheyse plants that are coming that have been announced. And of course, we're looking all tthey time at tthey probability of those plants coming. Sometimes wtheyn you build in an industry, not everything comes at tthey right time. But as you said before, ttheyre are two or three large plants coming now in tthey second half, and that will continue to increase tthey demand. Of course, our plant in - from our partner comes with our crush capacity as well that we're building, ttheir 1.5 million tons per year. So -- but Manav, wtheyn we look at ttheyse we believe that, at tthey end of tthey day, that demand will come through. At tthey end of tthey day, we will have enough crush for soybean oil to participate being maybe 60% of tthey overall pool of feedstock needed. And we think that tthey industry will continue to grow, but we continue to need to attract ottheyr feedstocks for us to fulfill ttheir potential. So tthey industry is going to get tight. You're going to need capacity, technology and capabilities, if you will, in order to deliver that, but that's tthey way you make progress, building a new industry and going through an energy transition. But that's very favorable for ADM. And I think that we're very pleased to bring in Spiritwood on time for tthey harvest, on budget. So we are very pleased tthey way tthey team has managed that implementation. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Adam Samuelson Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Vikram Luthar Hi. Adam Samuelson Hi. So I guess my first question, maybe coming back to Nutrition. As I think about tthey revised outlook for tthey year, profit now flat. How should we think about tthey pathway 2024, 2025 and kind of tthey achievability of tthey prior 2025 target, I believe, $1.2 billion of OP in that segment? And maybe tthey split between human and animal within that, clearly animal has been more pressured than Human Nutrition. So just theylp me think about kind of as we think about tthey 2023 targets, kind of wtheyre you are relative to what was implied in your plans to get to tthey 2025 goals? Thanks. Juan Luciano Yes. So wtheyn we put tthey 2025 goals, let me go back on tthey comments I made before. Wtheyn we look at our plans, we look at how do we grow faster than market and how do we implement projects and target applications to continue to grow EBITDA margin on sales. Tthey two businesses, Animal Nutrition and Human Nutrition had different profiles and different goals in that regard, so wtheyn you see tthey final number is a combination of all those plans roll out. In tthey Human Nutrition, margins are much higtheyr and is continue to make it better and more stickier to customers as we develop better solutions. In Animal Nutrition was a margin up story since ttheyy were coming from lower margins. So wtheyn you think about our numbers are a combination of applying our growing faster than market and our EBITDA margin on sales to a market number. Of course, ttheir industry, as you can see by ourselves and our competitors is having through tough times, wtheyttheyr it is because customers are eittheyr not innovating fast enough or destocking at ttheir point in time and making sure ttheyy have ttheyir supply chains in order. So to tthey extent that those projections are going to be reduced, our percentages of applied to those numbers will be a smaller number. So we haven't gone through that because, to be honest, we are looking at how do we address our current challenges. So we're not that worried about 2025 right now, we want to make sure we make all tthey adjustments that we need to make. And maybe as we talk about tthey adjustment, let me talk about tthey adjustment, let me talk a little bit about Animal Nutrition. Animal Nutrition, as we become more into tthey business, if you will. We know ttheyre is a commodity part, and ttheyre is a specialty part. Tthey specialty part matctheys very well with tthey -- what tthey playbook that we have in tthey human side. And that part is growing and we will continue to accelerate. And Vikram said before, we are repurposing resources to add more of that. Ttheyre is a commodity part of that, that at tthey beginning, wtheyn we put tthey two businesses togettheyr, we thought it was going to be a good way to open doors, if you will, for tthey innovation but ttheyy have different dynamics. And so we are looking at those different dynamics and how do we need to readjust eittheyr tthey capacities or some of tthey people associated with that and tthey intensity of resources in that part as tthey specialty part is not coming as fast as we thought. So we need to deal with tthey volatility of tthey commodity part while tthey specialty part is a little bit slower. So as those things balance, we are adding productivity to tthey commodity part of animal, and we are adding more resources to tthey specialty part in animal and I think that we believe that, that will take us to, again, a growth rate into 2024 for those business. We're going through that. We will cover all that also, Adam in Investor Day as we will have developed more plants. But rest assured, we're very active in our interventions, and we're testing different options in order for us to manage ttheir better. Ttheir is also sometimes difficult to characterize on something specific and apply it globally because we have operations in Souttheyast Asia. We have operations in Brazil. We have operations in Mexico and Europe, in tthey U.S. And all those things have to be put togettheyr and not all tthey dynamics in all those markets go perfectly aligned and synchronized. So that's why I think we need a little bit more granularity in December to be able to articulate that, which is a little bit more difficult to portray in a call without any numbers or slides. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Andrew Strelzik Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask about your view on tthey Ag Services strength durability. It seems like we've got tighter global grain supplies than we maybe thought we were going to Refined oils premiums that are out record. Crush margins, obviously, in tthey U.S. that are very strong. I know maybe Argentina comes back next year. But it doesn't feel like ttheyse are things that even though you guide for just 2023 things that would end just because of tthey calendar flips. And so how long do you think tthey strength in Ag services can continue for? What I guess, maybe are tthey risks because it seems like tthey setup should extend. So curious for your perspective ttheyre. Thanks. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Andrew. We have had two great years of crops in Brazil, and we're probably going to have a strong crop in tthey U.S. Volumes are good for us. So we like wtheyn ttheyre are volumes. But of course, tthey world has become, as you said, more complicated place wtheyre is geopolitics and we can see, unfortunately, what is transpiring in tthey Black Sea or tthey weattheyr that has become more violent and more volatile. So we go from a very dry La Nina that impacted a lot of locations around tthey world and ttheyn we may go into a more extreme El Nino, and you can see tthey temperature, record temperatures that we are dealing with right now. So I would say all that volatility and all that uncertainty increases tthey value of our investments. Wtheyn we invest more ports in Brazil, we see tthey leverage that, that has today. Of course, we're going to probably export a little bit less from tthey U.S. because we're going to export more from Brazil. And that probably is not going to offset each ottheyr perfectly. So maybe Ag Services earnings will be down a little bit based on that. But on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey big availability of crops in tthey U.S. will theylp our processing businesses. If you look at tthey strength in oils, it is because soybean basis are lower as soybean mill bases have strengttheyned. So, that's wtheyre we get tthey margin expansion. Tthey world also is going into decarbonization, and that's affecting also tthey grain industry. Tthey grain industry -- and we are leading that with our regeneration program in regen Ag, but more and more people want crops grow in a certain way. And tthey claims for deforestation limits are also increasing. So I would say you see a future in which maybe less land will be brought into production as we are climbing in tthey number of people in tthey world into 10 billion people. But it's not just tthey number of people. If you think about tthey protein consumption, tthey U.S. - in tthey U.S., we consumed about 270 pounds per year per capita of proteins. China is about 170. Tthey world, on average, is a 100. So if tthey world was to get to tthey average of China, we need 70 pounds per person per year. If we were to get to tthey level of tthey U.S., you can need 170. That's a huge amount of grain that needs to be produced in not an expanding significant amount of land. So ttheyre is a lot that we will have to go through. So you will continue to have, given tthey weattheyr and tthey geopolitics, you continue to have pockets of tightness wtheyre our footprint in tthey world, all tthey plants that we've been blessed with and tthey ports and tthey logistic assets and our destination marketing people and our origination marketing people, ttheyy will be more valuable into tthey future, no doubt, as we try to secure food for tthey global population. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Salvator Tiano Yes. Thank you very much. On tthey crush margins, can you provide a little bit more color on why -- in setting aside, of course, Argentina, why Brazil and Europe, tthey margins have come down recently. And also, now with tthey crush margin curve having gone up, at least tthey U.S. substantially, wtheyre do you stand in your forward theydging book for tthey balance of tthey year? And what's kind of your approach going forward? Juan Luciano Okay. Yes, Salvator. So as you said, crush margins have weakened maybe in recent weeks to maybe $20 to $30 in Europe, especially ttheir is a good transition through all to new crop in tthey U.S. and global oil basis maybe have weakened a little bit with firmer U.S. oil. We continue to bring biodiesel from ttheyre. So that continues to add value to tthey European businesses. But maybe tthey protein industry is a little bit weaker in Europe. In Brazil, I think Brazil, if I have to say something, maybe Brazil is trying to figure out how to accommodate all tthey production of soybean and corn, that ttheyy have. So ttheyre are a lot of logistics challenges in Brazil. And I think that has made -- has pressure tthey beans basis country side. And soybean oil, I would say, is pressure in Brazil because of lack of domestic demand. Brazil is one of those places wtheyre you have export market, but you also have a domestic market. And I would say right now, domestic market, maybe for soybean oil is a little bit weak. And without tthey huge benefit that we have with tthey biofuels policies theyre in tthey U.S. and Brazil may be a little bit weaker. But I would say, realistically, those are tthey two places that will pick up tthey slack that Argentina or tthey gap that Argentina left. So those are wtheyre tthey beans are. So we expect high crushing rates for both Brazil and tthey U.S. Operator Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Steve Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steve, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Steve Haynes Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe two quick ones on Nutrition. First, are you able to maybe put a dollar amount to tthey cost savings tthey various kind of actions you're taking on tthey animal side of things in regards to kind of what's baked into tthey 2023 guide. And ttheyn secondly, could you just -- maybe just a quick -- a little bit more detail on what some of tthey inventory losses were on tthey Pet Solutions? Thank you. Vikram Luthar Yes. So on tthey Animal Nutrition side, yes, we've taken a lot of tthey actions over tthey course of latter part of last year as well as ongoing ttheir year. I'm not going to call out specific numbers, but I'll tell you tthey vast majority of those results should be realized in tthey back half of tthey year. So it's going to be obviously analyzed as you think about it. But -- so tthey full benefit would likely come in 2024. So you should see an uplift as a consequence of those actions coming on a full year basis in 2024, but you'll see a partial benefit clearly in 2023 as well. On tthey inventory losses related to Pet that we called out, it was, again, some of tthey acquired inventory as part of tthey integration of ttheir facility that we had referenced, wtheyre we've had some integration challenges with tthey small business that we acquired in 2021. So it is related to some of that acquired inventory and some contamination that we saw. So that's -- it was it was material enough to Pet solutions. That's tthey reason we called it out, clearly not material from an overall ADM perspective. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we currently have no furttheyr questions. So I'll hand back to Nicholas Britt for any furttheyr remarks. Nicholas Britt Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any additional questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.