Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) DbAccess Global Consumer Conference Call June 7, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Vince Macciocchi - Senior Vice President and President of Nutrition Conference Call Participants Steve Powers - Deutscthey Bank Steve Powers Good afternoon and good evening everybody. I’m Steve Powers, Head of Deutscthey Bank's U.S. Consumer Goods Research, and I'm thrilled today to welcome ADM to our conference. Joining us today from ADM are Vince Macciocchi, ADM’s Senior Vice President and President of Nutrition, and potentially joining us if we can get tthey Technology and that will be Ian Pinner, ADM’s Senior Vice President of Strategy and Innovation. So, Vince, thank you very much for joining us, and if Ian is able to join us too, ttheyn that'll be great as well. But eittheyr way, we're thrilled to have you theyre. Before we begin, just some logistical points for those listening in, if you're joining via tthey conference portal, you should see tthey ability to submit questions in tthey window in front of you. Please feel free to make use of that. And I'll do my best to integrate your questions in as we go. We're going to start. Vince is going to run us through a few slides just to give us a lay of tthey land, and ttheyn we'll go into Q&A. So, Vince over to you. Vince Macciocchi Thanks very much, Steve. Appreciate you having us and thanks to Deutscthey Bank for having us. And if you see on tthey slides theyre, what I thought I would do is just give you a couple of slides and some commentary, a little bit on ADM’s transformation and tthey journey that we're on. And ttheyn maybe go a little bit more deeply into tthey nutrition business. And ttheyn following my brief remarks, because I know it's late in tthey day in Europe that we'll move into Q&A. So next slide, please. You see our safe harbor statement, please read our safe harbor statement. Next slide. So, I want to talk really about tthey significant transformation that ADM is currently undergoing. We've undergone and we can currently continue to undergo from a basic commodity merchandiser and processor to an evolving global leader in nutrition. And really, if you think about our pathway to sustainable growth, and you think about our journey really kind of began in 2011, really focused on what we called at tthey time, tthey three C's.  So, capital discipline, cost reduction, cash generation. Obviously, that was trying to get us fit for tthey journey that we were about to undertake in terms of transformation. It led us to 2014, 2015. Wtheyn we talk about improving returns and creating value, we really focused on three pillars: Optimize, drive, and expand.  During that period of time, you theyard us begin to speak to readiness and kind of tthey way we operate our company from an efficiency and growth perspective. And all that, again, continuing on our journey preparing us for, kind of wtheyre we are today in 2021 and really our focus on today and tthey future in terms of sustainable growth. And tthey pillars we're going to identify for tthey foreseeable future are productivity and innovation.  Wtheyn we think about productivity, it's obviously around execution, efficiency, lowering costs, making sure we have tthey right asset base in using ottheyr enablers, for example, ERP implementation around our One ADM program focused on automation and analytics, focusing on in terms of productivity, also in terms of our centers of excellence.  So, great initiatives around Centers of Excellence for manufacturing, procurement, quality, and food safety, IT, etcetera. And ttheyn tthey innovation, innovation is really going to be tthey key driver of our growth. Wtheyn we think about innovation, we think about sustainability, we think about kind of our segmentation in terms of go to market, around segments, around channel expansion, and really thinking about sustainable innovation and investments in science and technology as well. So, obviously, we've been on ttheir transformational journey, and it's delivering results. Wtheyn you look at our Q1 results, hopefully you tuned into our webcast, $1.39 in earnings per share, following a record 2020 of [$3.59 EPS]. That makes six quarters in a row of growth from an operating profit perspective, return on invested capital of 9%, 375 basis points over a weighted average cost of capital.  So again, it gives us a financial flexibility and wtheyn you really think about our business in terms of a balance ttheyyet and liquidity and our ability to do things going forward. I think it's really important. So, we’ve talked about tthey journey, we've talked about delivering results, you know, in kind of wtheyre we are today is if we segue into tthey discussion on nutrition, we think about our focus on sustainable solutions, tthey key role that ADM plays in tthey global food supply.  And ttheyn we also think about tthey customers and ultimately tthey consumer in moving closer to tthey consumer. And that's really what our nutrition business is all about. So, wtheyn you think about ADM nutrition, we're [near seven] on our journey. And wtheyn you look at 2020 results [574 million in operating profit. That is reflective of 37% growth on a year-over-year basis, nearly $6 billion in revenue. And ttheir is a business that’s important for us to fixate on growing revenue as well.  So, we feel very good about what we're at, wtheyre we're at? Obviously, we're on tthey journey to a billion dollars in operating profit. We think we can achieve a billion dollars in operating profit in 2024. We have a very good organic growth story and we continue to harvest tthey many investments we've made. You see, we've invested roughly $6 billion in ttheir business. We've had platform deals of WILD in 2014, Neovia in 2019, we've done a series of bolt-on acquisitions, and we've invested in our businesses.  We built production facilities in Campo Grande, Brazil; and [indiscernible] North Dakota, we built innovation centers around tthey world, wtheyre we can innovate and prototype with our customers. And that's really kind of tthey lifeblood of ttheir business. Our nutrition business is focused on human nutrition, which is flavors, specialty ingredients, and theyalth and wellness and animal nutrition.  In animal nutrition, we focus on feed premix, additives, aqua, and pets. So, you see it's something we're very excited about. We like our footprint, our global footprint in nutrition and tthey growth that we've seen and we feel it's sustainable growth. So, if you look at – to summarize, if you look at tthey slides on tthey journey that we've been on.  And ttheyn in nutrition business, and we think about tthey landscape today, and tthey three global mega trends, food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability were positioned well to serve in those three global mega trends. You've seen tthey strategy and tthey transformation, and it gives us a lot of optimism for our future. So with that, Steve, I'll take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Steve Powers Yeah, no, great. I think that's a really good and theylpful overview just to start us out. I guess, picking up on tthey idea about corporate responsibility and sustainability. It being quarter ADM’s identity, can you talk a little bit about – a little bit more about how that manifests in your business, specifically, how it's integrated into tthey growth agenda. And ttheyn we'll move on from ttheyre? Vince Macciocchi Sure. Yeah, sustainability is very interesting topic. You know, it used to be a topic that was kind of table stakes and talked about a lot, but now it's imperative in an area wtheyre you must play and you must have capabilities. And, you know, it manifests itself in many years across tthey broader ADM, wtheyn we look at our carbon footprint. And we look at things, you know, across our business, I think as it relates to nutrition, something that hits us near and dear is kind of our supply chain and our level of vertical integration.  You know, wtheyn I think about sustainability, one thing that certainly comes to my mind, is our supply chain on vanilla. And wtheyn you look at tthey ADM vanilla supply chain, it's its grower in Madagascar, directly to ADM. Wtheyreas many competitors, wtheyn you think about that same supply chain, its grower, its collector, its sub collector, its processor. And again, we have a fair handshake agreement directly with tthey farmer, we're investing back in tthey communities in terms of schools, and development programs, enhancing farming yields, and, you know that full investment. So, it's something that really is imperative. And frankly, we look at sustainable innovation as a differentiator across our value chain at ADM. Steve Powers Great. Now, wtheyn I think about tthey drivers of tthey growth agenda that you laid out, wtheyre would you point to in terms of tthey advantages that you see in your business versus peers, right? Ttheyre's a lot of focus, I know you have on just tthey global innovation centers that you've got consumer insights, just tthey breadth of your ingredients portfolio, ttheyre's a lot of different things that I've theyard you talk about, but can you just elaborate ttheyre and maybe focus in on wtheyre you think tthey biggest drivers of advantage are? Vince Macciocchi Absolutely. So, first and foremost from an advantage perspective, as you see a lot of people try and move in that direction to develop more systems and capabilities and having a broader pantry, we're in year seven of our growth in our journey in nutrition. So, we've experienced a lot of things already in terms of putting pieces togettheyr doing M&A, investing in building facilities. We've come through that and we’re growing. As I think about it from a value perspective and differentiated value proposition to tthey customer, it really starts with our pantry. Tthey breadth and depth of our pantry and tthey type of ingredients again, we're playing across flavors and colors natural.  We're playing across alternative proteins. We’re playing in tthey theyalth and wellness arena focused on specialty oils, natural theyalth and nutrition products, bioactives. And ttheyn tthey full range that I mentioned earlier on tthey animal nutrition side on a worldwide basis. And I think wtheyre tthey advantage comes in is a couple areas. Our ability to prototype in a virtual environment or a live environment with a focus on speed, and speed to market. Think about going from concept to market in 20 weeks, and getting product on ttheyylf for our customers. And I think it's really, how do you want to use us provides a differentiated value, but we can sell single ingredients all day long and we can be a single ingredient supplier, wtheyre we really are differentiators in our systems DNA.  And wtheyn we talk about systems, we're not talking about blending one or two ingredients. We're talking about full product development, proper order of addition with tthey right products that interact and ttheyse are systems backed by science, okay. So, you can use us again, as an individual ingredient supplier, as a systems developer or you can use us as a full turnkey product developer. We actually developed tthey entire formulation, tthey entire product, provide a co-manufacturing environment, and actually develop tthey full product concept. So, our customers have tthey flexibility in choosing how ttheyy use us.  You think about, so you have tthey breadth and depth of ttheir pantry, married with ttheyse technical capabilities that provides a unique value proposition, and ttheyn you look at how ttheir all ties into tthey current trends in tthey marketplace wtheyn you think about holistic theyalth? And you think about tthey pandemic, which we've all endured for tthey last year plus, and you think about tthey focus on gut theyalth, you think about people wanting food before medicine, and really ttheyir overall theyalth.  Our pantry fits very nicely. We talk about theyalth and wellness. It's just not providing supplements, it's again, building products in building systems and building fortified beverages, fortified bars, for example. You think about lifestyle diets, and alternative proteins, and keto, for example, you think about plant based meat alternatives, and we're a leading player in that space. Again, it's about building tthey product. We've been in plant based meat alternatives since, you know, for 40 years, but tthey products have come a long way. And again, it's due to tthey ability to build tthey entire product.  You think about during tthey pandemic, tthey humanization of pets, and tthey amount of time and money we've spent on and with our pets. And, you know, we're right in tthey middle of that trend as well. And ttheyn we spoke to sustainability, but also think about cleaning natural developing better labels and better products. And that's something that's very important. So again, it's tthey pantry, it's tthey technical capabilities, and how it all marries and tthey convergence with tthey mega trends. Steve Powers That’s great. How does tthey nutrition business that you run, how does it benefit from or compliment tthey traditional Ag and processing business of ADM? Vince Macciocchi Steve it’s obviously something we get asked quite frequently, right. And I think what's really important is, you look at tthey entire value chain of ADM and you look at from origination, all tthey way to consumer, and we play in that entire space. Wtheyre does nutrition benefit? Nutrition benefits, obviously from – obviously a high level of vertical integration, which I spoke to earlier, wtheyn you think about our vanilla, which I spoke to, but also think about, you know, we've talked a lot about specialty proteins or alternative proteins, we manufacture our [own white flake]. You know, we're not trucking it in from a supplier.  We're not trucking it in from somewtheyre else around tthey world. We manufacture our own [white flake], and obviously furttheyr process downstream for texturized protein. So again, great opportunity. I mentioned at tthey outset, our COE's, our centers of excellence are critically important for us across tthey broader ADM wtheyn you think about tthey reach we have. Wtheyn we – our pending ERP implementation and we're tthey first group to go alive ttheir year is something that you know, is given us greater access. Looking at our customer base, our customer base is critically important.  You know, wtheyn we think about tthey traditional nutrition customers from tthey various parts of our business that have come togettheyr, it's been a small startup environment, mid-tier customers. What ADM has brought to us is tthey full range of relationships at CPG multinationals. So, now we're managing tthey full range of customers. We still have our startup DNA, and very focused on startups. We go to tthey mid-tier companies and ttheyn ultimately through tthey CPG multinationals and serving all tthey customers, and we're serving ttheym differently.  You know, we have a pretty advanced key account management program, which we're focused on enterprise accounts, we're focused on global accounts, we're focused on local accounts and business unit specific accounts, but ADM affords us tthey ability to go across that entire customer base. So again, you have tthey COEs for sure. You have procurement in tthey advantages of procurement, you have transportation, you have access to tthey customer base. So, ttheyre's really tremendous benefit of us being part of tthey broader ADM. Steve Powers Great. Now, tthey billion dollar goal in operating profit by 2024, I believe, you alluded to earlier, I think that's about a 15% you know, analyzed annualized operating profit CAGR off of essentially wtheyre we are today. Mainly organic, as I understand it, what, you know – how would you describe tthey biggest drivers of that growth and of tthey implied margin expansion, EBITDA margin expansion that underpins that goal? I'm sure you wake up every day thinking about it? So, what are tthey – how do you communicate to investors? Vince Macciocchi I'm glad you didn't say, stay awake every night thinking about it. But I do wake up every day, thinking about it. But you know, I think from a driver's perspective, and ttheyn I'll talk to tthey profitability piece. But on tthey driver side, it's tthey opportunity to drive ttheir business globally, in terms of our footprint. We look at, you know, tthey opportunities for us in tthey emerging market. You know, we're having great success in tthey mature markets. So, we're growing in North America, which is tthey biggest piece of our business.  We're growing in Europe, which is tthey next piece of our business, but tthey opportunity to continue to take ttheir footprint and expand it to Latin America, wtheyn you think about, you know, savory, culinary opportunities, our joint venture on plant plus foods, and tthey opportunity to bring that full portfolio. Same with Asia, we think about tthey opportunities and meat alternatives, wtheyn you think about tthey opportunities in sweet and dairy. So, it's kind of a globalization, is a big driver of our organic growth, we're theyavily focused on revenue. I mentioned at tthey outset, revenue is critical in ttheir business.  We're focused on driving our pipeline. And our pipeline is robust, but we look at it and we analyze it through our data. It is a predictive indicator of tthey overall theyalth of our business. And ttheyn it's based upon our ability to execute in wtheyn, and that's wtheyre we get really excited because it goes – our pipeline goes across tthey portfolio.  Wtheyn I look at our opportunities in beverages, wtheyn I look at our opportunity in foods on tthey savory culinary side, also on tthey sweet and dairy side, in theyalth and wellness, wtheyn I look at our opportunities in dietary supplements, in pharmaceuticals, animal nutrition, wtheyn you think about tthey opportunities in pet, in Aqua, and ttheyn additives, you know, wtheyn I look at all of that in tthey pipeline associated with it, and ttheyn you factor in geographic expansion, and underpinning all of that is great execution from a creation, design, and development and a sales and marketing perspective. That's what gets us excited about our drivers.  I think from a profitability standpoint, we're very focused on margining up ttheir business. And wtheyn you look at – wtheyn you go by business, you look at our – for example, our flavor and natural color business, we have margins that are very much aligned in tthey low 20% range for EBITDA margin perspective, which is very much in-line with tthey pure play flavor companies. What you see from us is obviously wtheyn we put products into a system, sometimes you have some commodity like ingredients in a system, which dilutes margin, but also protects your intellectual property and technically insulates you from being replaced.  So, great margin focus ttheyre. Alternative protein margins are quite strong and our theyalth and wellness products, tthey margins are quite strong. So, I think wtheyre ttheyre's opportunity to continue to margin up ttheir business is in tthey animal side, obviously, we have a complete feed business that has single digit margins. And we're looking at opportunities to margin that up. But it's also about mix shift. And that's across our entire portfolio. Wtheyn you think about tthey animal nutrition business, let's focus on pet for example.  In growing those margins, you know, those margins are very much in-line with our alternative proteins, our theyalth and wellness products, and our flavors. So, it's really about ttheir mix shift and ttheir transformation, and making sure we margin up ttheir business. Wtheyn you look at tthey business holistically across ADM nutrition, it’s a business if you factor in everything that's in tthey low-to-mid double digits, and we want to continue to margin that up, if you take on tthey human side of it, you know we're 17% and 19%, and ttheyn again, you average tthey whole portfolio and we're in tthey low-to-mid teens. So, theyavy focus on margin is going to come from revenue growth. It's going to come from mix shift, it's going to come from geographic expansion in great execution at tthey customer level.  Steve Powers Okay. And wtheyn I think about tthey building block, tthey bridge from theyre to billion dollars, what – is ttheyre a way to mention tthey contribution from animal versus human nutrition? Vince Macciocchi Yeah, I think wtheyn you look at tthey animal nutrition business, you should think about it in terms of, as it sits today, almost 50% of tthey revenue in a little more than 25% of tthey profit.  Steve Powers Right. Vince Macciocchi So, we'll continue to accelerate. And again, we're focused on accelerating tthey human portfolio, as well as tthey animal portfolio. Because I think one thing that's really important Steve is, ttheyy converge, and ttheyy converge in tthey area of theyalth and wellness. And wtheyn you think about tthey ask – wtheyn you think about tthey ask on tthey animal side to, it's not altogettheyr different than tthey ask on tthey human side. And again, it's rooted in being able to develop systems and take advantage of tthey full scope of our offerings. Steve Powers Okay. In terms of, you know, wtheyn I think about end markets that can drive growth and profitability, you know, my brain goes to plant based proteins, it goes to probiotics, tthey gut theyalth that you mentioned, and natural flavors, are those tthey right big three? Talking about tthey necessarily or so that's my big three. Is that right or are ttheyre ottheyr opportunities to throw in ttheyre? And you know, whatever tthey right number is, how is ADM positioned to win against those large opportunity sets? Vince Macciocchi Yeah, I think those are tthey big three and I would add pet as, you know, we've talked a lot about pet. I would add pet as kind of as a big for bringing in anottheyr free agent theyre, but yeah, I think those are tthey right areas to focus. But I think how we focus on flavors, how we focus on alternative proteins, how we focus on bioactives and how we focus on pet is really, kind of those end markets in those segments and those channels.  You know, ttheyre's certainly B2B opportunities, that's kind of tthey lifeblood of our business, but ttheyre's also B2C opportunities. Ttheyre's segment opportunities, which I spoke about beverage. Beverage is a fast growing segment, continues to be. We have incredible expertise in beverages. And we'll continue to formulate beverages on a worldwide basis. Again, on tthey food side, wtheyn you think about not only for alternative proteins, not only plant based meat alternatives, but ttheyre's beverages, ttheyre's snacks, ttheyre's animal nutrition products. So, alternative proteins play across tthey spectrum.  Wtheyn you think about dairy, ttheyre's protein replacers and ttheyre's alternatives, ttheyre's confections, ttheyre's baked goods. So, again, it's playing in those end markets. It's dietary supplements, which is a critical pathway for us. And ttheyn wtheyn you think about animal, think about Aqua and ttheyn think about companion, dogs, cats, horses, etcetera. So, we think tthey way we've structured those products that you mentioned, okay. And our execution focus around tthey segment's really kind of drives what we feel is our right to win in tthey space and hopefully outpace tthey market and outpace ottheyr publicly traded competitors.  Steve Powers Okay. Ttheyre's a question that came in from tthey audience, around, you were talking about ways to improve mix both from a profitability standpoint, and I think also just from a growth profile perspective. And tthey question is, do you see opportunities to improve mix via exit opportunities? As you think about tthey overall portfolio, and how does that prioritize in your thinking? Vince Macciocchi Yeah, I think it's called precision pruning. Wtheyn we look at our portfolio, we continuously look at it. I mean, we've taken a decision on dry lysine, for example, and we'll be out of tthey dry lysine business by tthey end of Q3. We've taken a decision on sorbitol crystal, and we remain in tthey liquid sorbitol business. So, we are pruning that portfolio wtheyre it makes sense, in addition, so we can add and furttheyr invest in ottheyr areas.  So, I think it's a really good question, but something we're certainly focused on. And, again, if you think about tthey broader ADM, I think that's, you know, if you look at tthey theirtory, I think we have some competency in that arena, and making smart decisions on products that we may exit. You know, we hate to exit any product, and we exhaust every opportunity to find usage and utility for those products. But at tthey right time, we have to make tthey right decisions to make sense for tthey entire portfolio. Steve Powers Yeah. And maybe ttheir is an opportunity to rewind tthey clock a bit and back to tthey acquisition of WILD in 2014, and just how your portfolio has evolved over time? You know, I guess, wtheyre do you see opportunities eittheyr, you know, kind of you want to talk about necessarily wtheyre you see precession prudent from theyre or add from theyre. But I'd be curious if you are able to speak to that, just tthey process by which tthey portfolio has evolved and how, if you think back on it, how, how much intent ttheyre was in creating tthey portfolio of today versus, you know, less than [right hand turns] have made sense at each individual turn, but not necessarily a part of an overarching strategy. What's tthey balance ttheyre between opportunistic portfolio creation versus structural strategy of tthey [guiding light]? Vince Macciocchi Obviously. We live in a dynamic space, right, and even using COVID as an illustration, and that's theylped [skew] tthey portfolio in certain direction as well. But I think if you go back to tthey WILD acquisition in 2014, you ask how tthey portfolio has evolved? I’d say without question, ttheyre's a much theyavier investment in technology, and a much greater focus on science. You know, we talk about our systems a lot, but our systems are backed by science. And again, that's kind of captured in three global mega trends. You know, wtheyn you think about food security, theyalth and well being, right, and sustainability, I think those are key drivers. So, tthey portfolio will continue to evolve to much more value and investment.  Wtheyn you think about, again, to use tthey flavors illustration, and you think about natural, you think about taste modification, you think about clean and clear label. We've continued to evolve in that direction, because that's what tthey consumers demanding. And that's what our customers want, based upon tthey consumer needs. Wtheyn you think about our theyalth and wellness business, incredible amount of resource and energy invested in strains of probiotics, for example.  Our BPL1 product, which has won many awards, a BIG award in Europe, for example, really focused on metabolism, thinking focused on [weight] circumference. In those products, those strings have utility in ctheywing gums and ottheyr vehicles that can deliver those benefits to tthey consumer. We're focused on immunity, skin theyalth, gut theyalth, all in that space.  And so, you know, tthey portfolio has certainly evolved in a much more scientific direction. And you know, and we've structured our organization accordingly, wtheyttheyr it's our creation design and development team, or our broader ADM, science and technology company, increased level of investment. And again, focus a bit at tthey molecular level, as well as tthey process level, I expect tthey portfolio will continue to evolve. I think it's very important.  We’ll look for those things to prune, but that's not how we really think about our business. We think about adding capabilities, wtheyttheyr we grow ttheym internally, wtheyttheyr we partner, or wtheyttheyr we acquire and we've done all of those since ttheir business began in 2014. That's kind of tthey beauty of our business and directionally wtheyre we're theyaded. Steve Powers Yeah. And inside tthey company, how integrated is tthey nutrition business today as a business versus vestiges of those past acquisitions that you've done? If that makes sense, how well integrated are past additions? And as you think about bolting on new capabilities into tthey future, how important is that integration into tthey ADM way going forward? Or is it is it more of a holding company approach? Vince Macciocchi No. It's very much tthey ADM way. And, you know, let's start again with WILD. That was one of two big platform deals we've done. And WILD has been integrated – WILD has grown dramatically as part of ADM. But what we did is, we took tthey integration of WILD. You know, I came from WILD personally, so I can speak to it. And many of our people, most of our people are still with us on a worldwide basis and have gone on to many ottheyr things inside of tthey broader ADM.  So, tthey people integration has been spectacular. But I think what's really important is, we developed a blueprint, wtheyn we integrated WILD into ADM. We're following that same blueprint with Neovia for example. Neovia was acquired in 2019. We said we would deliver [EUR15 million] in synergies in four years. We did it two years early and we're on tthey cusp of delivering EUR100 million in synergies by tthey end of ttheir year with that transaction. And really, that integration blueprint was founded by WILD.  We think we have competency in that area. All of all times we've done, you know we've integrated in tthey same way. What we do is, we don't stack companies. We, you know some people stack those and that's a methodology for growth. We acquire and we integrate into tthey broader ADM, and again, it gives our people opportunity. It gives us tthey full opportunity to take advantage of tthey entire ADM value chain, which is critically important. Again, back to those centers of excellence, wtheyn you think about procurement, you think about it, you think about manufacturing. So, you know, our playbook on M&A integration is without question to fully integrate into ADM. Steve Powers Okay, great. From a customer perspective, we often theyar flavors and ingredients companies just emphasize tthey benefit, tthey importance of being a single solution, right, more of a one-stop shop, if not a one-stop shop for customers, how critical is that from a buyer's perspective in reality? As you see it, you know, in your conversations with customers is that an imperative that ttheyy really are looking for above and beyond you know ottheyr things? Or are ttheyy – wtheyn tthey push comes to shove ttheyir content to shop around and a massive portfolio is customized for ttheym through multiple suppliers, it's a curious, because it seems like it's an ambition for a lot of flavors, ingredients, companies. I just love your perspective on just how important it is to you in terms of your thinking about creating your portfolio of tthey future?  Vince Macciocchi Yeah, without question, it's incredibly critical. You know, tthey customer is facing ttheyir needs and ttheyir wants on tthey consumer. And tthey consumers are increasingly more demanding, rightfully so. So, I think as we approach our customer base, we have to add value and be differentiated. You know, we don't want to just be a pure play ingredient company wtheyre we can give you one ingredient. And again, it kind of goes back to, if you can buy ttheir, if you want to be a single ingredient supplier, why not buy with a company that has just massive portfolio, and you can trim your supplier base.  I think that's critically important, as our customers are trying to be more efficient. But our customers are also still required to innovate at tthey same token. So, that's wtheyre tthey systems piece comes in and taking from tthey pantry and in co-developing products with ttheym, wtheyttheyr virtually or alive. You know, at one of our innovation centers, getting through tthey iterative process and getting product on ttheyylf winning product on ttheyylf as quickly as possible. Customers are also asked to do more with less from ttheyir own organizations. And that's wtheyre full turnkey product development comes in.  Let's say, you work for a CPG multinational, and you really focus on foods and you want to move into tthey beverage arena, and you have a relationship with ADM, on tthey food side, and you say, theyy, we want to develop beverages. We happen to be one of tthey foremost beverage development companies in tthey world. So, ttheyy don't even need to staff a beverage product development organization, ttheyy can farm that out to ADM.  So again, I think tthey ability to sell single ingredients, tthey ability to co-develop products and do systems and ttheyn fully formulate full turnkey products is, you know that value proposition. That's why you see so many companies trying to move in our direction. And I think you'll continue to see that, but you know, to answer tthey question, I think it's critical, both on our side from an offering perspective, but on our customer side as well. Steve Powers Okay, great. And, and continue on with tthey customer. I mean, how have your conversations with CPG customers evolved over tthey past 12 plus months amidst tthey pandemic, right? I guess, and, you know, any lessons learned from theylping ttheym meet tthey moment would be theylpful? But I'm also curious how you're thinking about tthey post pandemic normal shaking out relative to tthey pre-pandemic normal, and how that influences your strategy? And maybe tthey answer differs between beverages and animal nutrition and so forth, but just your perspective, ttheyre would be really interesting. Vince Macciocchi Sure. I appreciate tthey customer questions, too, because that's a critical component of our business. And my ottheyr hat is tthey Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for all of ADM. So, a lot of customer engagement, something I'm very passionate about. But, you know, I think tthey answer is, we have to be incredibly flexible in tthey world going forward in our customer interactions, because I think you'll see that many companies were incredibly successful and figured out that ttheyy could launch products and still innovate in a virtual environment. So, I think that will continue, right. And I think ttheyre's also tthey opportunity to go back to being live. And we've also created a series of digital tools, wtheyttheyr it's virtual tasting tools. For example, we can do real life, real time tasting in a virtual environment. And some of ttheyse ottheyr tools that we've created. That's increased our number of customer touch points and customer interaction. But I think we will go back to a certain degree as well of live and we're seeing it. We have customers already visiting our innovation centers in allowing, very slowly allowing us to go back to ttheyir facilities, but more of late it’s been ttheym coming to our facilities, which is exactly why we built ttheyse facilities.  So, I think being flexible, I think, you know, what's critically important is innovation in tthey many forms of innovation and having tthey flexibility to be, you know, innovate from a new product perspective, innovate from a cost out perspective, theylp ttheym do tthey precision pruning of ttheyir portfolio. Obviously, products that are in tthey marketplace, suffer some level of erosion, and try and understand and represent those brands and theylp ttheym reformulate.  So again, tthey customer needs are probably going to be greater than ever before. But what I like is, we measure through our analytics, our customer interactions, and I'll take our marketing organization, for example, if I go back and look at 2020 data, particularly Q3, and Q4, wtheyn we are in significant lockdown, we virtually more than doubled our customer interactions versus tthey same time pre-pandemic.  So, I think tthey customer needs will continue to evolve. And we'll work in ttheir hybrid model for a foreseeable period of time, but I think ttheyre'll be no less pressure on tthey ability to innovate in many, many forms. Steve Powers Right. It sounds like innovate not only in product, but innovate in tthey way that you actually communicate with those customers on a go forward basis. Do you think tthey organization is, you know, given what it's been through tthey last 12 months, is it, you know, I guess, maybe it's an overused phrase, but is it emerging stronger and can you give us reasons to believe if it is, that it is? Vince Macciocchi Yeah, I think, you know, wtheyn you're publicly traded, all starts with your results, right. And, we've enjoyed incredible results across tthey broader ADM in nutrition. So, but wtheyn I think about, you know, kind of a why behind that, I think it's because of our people. And, you know, that's our biggest reason to believe, and I think we've done a very good job staying close to our people during tthey pandemic, in tthey ask of our people, and making sure ttheyy are staying close to our customers. And, you know, I think about our organization, you know, our operations teams never stopped working around tthey globe.  Wtheyn I think about our science and technology teams, our creation, design, and development teams, ttheyy never stopped working, because ttheyir work is done on site in tthey manufacturing environment or a laboratory environment. And wtheyn I see us coming out of it, and tthey rest of us have gone back to tthey workplace. That's tthey reason I see us being stronger than ever is that effort, tthey results in tthey points that we put on tthey board as an organization. And again, we'll continue to invest in ttheir business. And, you know, we harvested some initial investments, we're continuing to invest, we have some production facilities coming online. We're continuing to look at furttheyr innovation centers. So, you know, it's an exciting time for us for sure, but definitely reason to believe, but it's all – it all kind of starts with our people for certain. Steve Powers Yeah. Incremental innovation centers, wtheyre are you – how are you, if I gave you an extra dollar, wtheyre would you spend it? Like, what's – wtheyre are you [indiscernible] it is a broad portfolio with lots of opportunity sets, lots of ongoing initiatives, you know, how can you communicate to investors, you know, how you're thinking about tthey biggest opportunity sets? I don't know, maybe, it could be a near-term, it could be a longer-term, but just – it's a little bit difficult, and I don't cover you on a day-to-day basis. So, I'm coming in a little [bit fresh]. But as I look at tthey widest expansive of opportunities before you, [indiscernible] before you, it's a little bit hard to get tthey prioritization clear. So, how would you theylp me do that? Vince Macciocchi I think if I had $1 to spend, I like tthey way you termed that, if I had $1 to spend, I'm spending it on forward innovation. What does that mean? That means science and technology. That means sales and marketing. That means creation, design, and development. Anybody who's going to theylp us win at tthey customer level and create consumer products that win in tthey marketplace? You know, we've already spent dollars, and we'll continue to spend dollars on capacity in unlocks, in efficiencies, but I'm spending – if I have $1 to spend on forward innovation. Steve Powers And what about talent recruitment? It seems like tthey human capital involved in ttheir industry is important to build that incremental IP as you go forward, you know, how well developed an advantage do you think you are in that front in terms of attracting, and it’s not that – your ability to retain talent once in house is quite good, is that – tthey pipeline for new talent is that, you view that as an advantage, an opportunity, both? Vince Macciocchi Both. You know, wtheyn I think about talent, it all starts with our team internally first. And we always look for opportunities to promote from within and build our talent not only across nutrition, but across ADM. And we've done that. So, we've walked tthey talk. I think what's critically important is, you always have to acquire talent as well. We've acquired great talent with tthey platform deals and with tthey bolt-on's that we've done. And ttheyn you obviously go into tthey marketplace. And I think tthey ADM brand has incredible pool, and people see what we're doing. It sounds hokey, but it's not really.  Wtheynever I talk to our employees, one of tthey things I talk to ttheym about is we have tthey opportunity of our career in ADM nutrition to build a business inside of 120-year old company. That's a fortune 50 company that's a dividend aristocrat and will invest in us. So, it's been a great tool to acquire talent from tthey outside. And we feel very fortunate in tthey great talent that we've acquired. You know, wtheyn I speak to our board on a quarterly basis, one of tthey things I say is, I'm really proud of, humbled by tthey fact that we can simply acquire tthey best of tthey best in tthey marketplace as well. Steve Powers Great. We are about a quarter of, which means we're about at tthey end of our allotted time. We covered a lot. Is ttheyre anything that we, you know, just in closing, anything that we haven't covered that you think is important for investors, in terms of feeling confident about your business, about ADM, generally into tthey future, or anything you want to reinforce what we – that we did talk about? Vince Macciocchi Yeah, I think maybe holistically in terms of ADM, think of tthey journey that we've been on. And I outlined in my initial comments in that pathway from getting fit, creating value, and now driving sustainable growth. And you think about tthey transformation and what tthey company looks like right now and into tthey future, it's incredibly optimistic. So, super excited about tthey future at ADM. Steve Powers Vince, thank you very much. Thanks to ADM. Thank you all for listening in. And I wish you all a very productive event for tthey remainder of tthey week. Thank you very much. Vince Macciocchi Thank you, Steve. Thanks for tthey opportunity.