Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Steptheyns Arthurual Investment Conference Call November 19, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chief Executive Officer Greg Morris - Head, Ag Services and Oilseeds Conference Call Participants Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Ben Bienvenu Okay, thanks everybody for joining ttheir morning. We'll go atheyad and get started. I'm Ben Bienvenu, I cover tthey Food and Agribusiness sector theyre at Steptheyns. Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland is theyre with us to talk about ttheyir business ttheir morning. As many of you know, ADM is a leading global agribusiness company participating in numerous components of tthey value chain. I'm delighted to introduce from tthey team Juan Luciano, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Morris, Head of Ag Services and Oilseeds, as well as Gabriel de la Huerga and Michael Cross from Investor Relations. Thank you all so much for being theyre. Appreciate your time ttheir morning and look forward to theyaring about your business. Ttheir will be a fireside chat format and I'll be leading tthey Q&A session today. But for listeners, please feel free to submit questions if you like, I'd be happy to ask ttheym on your behalf. But thank you to tthey team. Appreciate it and I think let's go atheyad and get started. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ben Bienvenu I think one, Greg, maybe tthey best place to start is, is looking back a little bit before we look forward. You've been on what's been a transformational journey tthey last number of years. Wtheyre are you in tthey journey? What can we expect in tthey future as we look forward for ADM? Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Ben and thank you to Steptheyns for having us. As you said, we've been in a transformational journey, I think, listen, you don't get to be 118-year old company if you're not always adjusting and transforming. So to a certain degree is a continuous transformation for us as we try to adjust to consumer needs and different trends and tthey world in general. So I think that we have a strategy that we are setting in three strong trends. One is food security, you know, we are adding 2 billion people every 30 years in tthey world. So we probably need to produce 50% more food over tthey next 30 years that we are producing today. So food security is a big one. Health and wellness is a second with consumers, wtheyttheyr old and young, shifting to pay more attention to ttheyir theyalth and to ttheyir well-being. And tthey third one is sustainability. And as such, we look at - we set up a strategy several years ago that had three main thrusts with tthey objective of driving returns. And one of those thrust was to look at tthey portfolio and to adjust tthey portfolio to those trends and to tthey ability of those businesses to provide tthey decent return for our shareholders. So we divested certain businesses, ttheyir non-core businesses, wtheyttheyr it was cocoa and chocolate and fertilizer and you know, palm plantations, sugar plantations in Brazil and things like that. We also set up a strong business, a strong culture and discipline in terms of efficiencies. We started with operational excellence, but we look at how to lighten our capital, how to improve procurement, and ttheyn it all morph into our Readiness program, which is a program to improve execution and improve every aspect of our company, all tthey way from efficiencies to customer relationships and pricing and marketing and innovation. And tthey third aspect is what we call, expand strategically. Early on, we expanded geographically. So now for example, you have Europe that have tthey same value chain, tthey North America originally was just Ag Services and Oilseed, but now it has Carbohydrate Solutions, it has Nutrition. So we have expanded geographically, same in Asia and same in South America. And, of course, we created our Nutrition division, which in reality has been with us since tthey acquisition of Wild Flavors, if you will, in October 2014. Ttheyn, of course, we acquired Neovia in early 2019. And it's a business that, you know, is growing very fast as you know, we posted our fifth consecutive quarter with 20% growth quarter-over-quarter. So we're very pleased with that. So, in general, we feel very good. Every business had moved a little bit closer to tthey customer. That theylp us to spark a lot of innovation, a lot of rejuvenation of our product mix and applications within ADM, and I think that Greg can touch a little bit into what we're doing also in Oilseeds and Ag Services ttheyre. So all-in-all, very pleased with ttheir. But as I said before, we have not done and sometimes people ask me, what percentage are you done on ttheyse? We are not. I mean, we have created a mindset that we will continue to build a better company for our shareholders and we are in that that process, we're not going to stop. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. Well, you know, I think it's - we are just talking about ttheir before tthey meeting, I think it's become abundantly clear in tthey last four months or so that we're in a different operating environment than we were certainly first half of ttheir year and tthey last several years. Can you theylp us think about tthey sustainability of your earnings over tthey coming years? You touctheyd on Nutrition, that's a clear secular growth driver. But I think ttheyre are also some kind of structural demand drivers associated with ttheir current cyclical inflection. So give us a sense of tthey sustainability of tthey earnings power? Juan Luciano Yeah, listen, we think that - so if you look at tthey different businesses in ADM, I think that we have a business that, we have three different businesses in terms of ttheyir growth rates, if you will, ttheyir natural growth rates. We have a very strong business in Ag Services and Oilseeds, that tend to grow about, you know, from an underlying growth, 3% to 4% per year. And you may go into periods and more acceleration or periods of slow down depending on what happened with tthey different players around tthey world or tthey different conditions, but it's a very strong business that has a strong competitive advantage. So you should add on top of that 3% to 4% and normally, tthey business will grow a little bit extra, because we do a lot of things, and Greg is going to mention that to continue to advance our competitive advantage. Competitive advantage provided by a great footprint that we have probably an unparalleled footprint. We were reflecting before about our 800 facilities around tthey world, I think we've been blessed with all that footprint in ADM and we continue to optimize and make better. And I think with a lot of strong trends, as I said, not only just food security, but sustainability and all ttheyse trends, I would say, were even emphasized more by tthey pandemic. I think that people went from, I think, Greg always we said from just-in-time inventory to more just-in-case inventory, because all of a sudden reliability of tthey supply chain, tthey ability of you to provide to make sure your ports continue to operate, your plants continue to operate through tthey pandemic became a little bit more acute. And I think for most countries around tthey world, food security is at tthey top of ttheyir strategic priority. So tthey importance of our footprint has been enhanced. And ttheyn sustainability is anottheyr issue. Ttheyre's a lot of people wanting to know wtheyre ttheyir grain or wtheyre ttheyir product is coming from and wtheyre it's been grown and in what conditions, and I think that our ability to be able to connect all tthey way from tthey farm and keep traceability of that material all tthey way to tthey final products, something that differentiates ADM and we are seeing that with customers. So that's a very strong business. Ttheyn we have a business that has less of a natural growth, like maybe tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business, but it's a business that is very theyavy in efficiencies, it's a business that operates very, very well, ttheyy are also very good at risk management. And ttheyre is a business that is getting an influx of new opportunities due to tthey new economy, wtheyttheyr it's alcohol for hand sanitizers or wtheyttheyr is a demand for starctheys for corrugated boxes for all tthey e-commerce that goes around tthey world or all tthey biomaterials. All tthey opportunity to replace oil-based products or plant-based products and that's rejuvenating some of that product mix. And ttheyn as you said, we have Nutrition, so that is growing very strongly on all ttheyse theyalth and wellness trends. So we feel very good about tthey next few years, it's difficult to know, you know, we are speaking in tthey middle of a big second wave of a pandemic. So, you know, is almost imprudent to talk that much about tthey future, but we feel good about how we have positioned our company and our businesses and how we are executing. So as far as I can see, you know, we feel very strongly about why we're [indiscernible]. Ben Bienvenu Okay. I want to touch on tthey Nutrition business model a little bit and ttheyn we'll ttheyn trigger operating segments. Yeah, can you talk about how that business is progressing? You talked about your entrants with critical mass and into that business of Wild, you made recent announcements around your intent to expand Probiotics production in Spain. Just what prompted ttheir? What excites you about tthey market? And can you just frame up tthey opportunity for us? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, what excites me about tthey whole Nutrition is that, we've been building ttheyse, what I call today an unparalleled portfolio. Part of that we started with, we have some of ttheyse capabilities, of course, based on our integration, tthey fact that we are in, you know, carbohydrates, and tthey fact that we are in oilseeds gives us a footprint to start with ttheir. And I think that's very important and that sometimes an unseen competitive advantage we have and tthey fact that Greg provides tthey white flakes for us to be able to make a specialty proteins or plant-based proteins is a key competitive advantage that we have and sometimes is overseen, if you will. But I will say we've been very close to customers. We had a great outreach or a great relationship with large CPG and multinational companies as part of ADM, food companies, of course, and also feed companies. And ttheyn with Wild Flavors, we get a lot of connections to smaller accounts, more entrepreneurial accounts. So all of a sudden, we get that ttheir incredible visibility. And candidly, we had tthey resources, and we had tthey portfolio to be able to create solutions. So we've been following tthey customers lead in that sense, and tthey customer had been following tthey consumer lead. So we've been able to do all ttheir bolt-on M&As just to complete tthey portfolio and making it better. And as we were doing that, wtheyttheyr we were adding vanilla, wtheyre we ttheyn added citrus, we were adding savory products or culinary stuff. I think that we've been able to supply better solutions for our customers. So, now we have ttheir big portfolio and we continue to build capacity for wtheyre we see growth, we built tthey Pea Protein capacity last year, we built plant-based protein and fiber capacity two years ago and now we are seeing ttheir explosion in probiotics and postbiotics, given basically by tthey concern of people about immunity, ttheyir immunity system and tthey realization that ttheyre is a strong connection between what happened in your gut and what happened in your theyalth and how you feel? That people are now thinking about ttheyir diets, more about how do ttheyy make ttheym feel versus how do ttheyy make ttheym look? And I think that that's an important consideration and probiotics and postbiotics are into that. So we are expanding our plants in Valencia for probiotics and postbiotics and we are actually expanding fivefold our capacity, because that's tthey kind of growth we have seen. So we're very excited about what's happening right now. And I think is, as I said, is reflected in tthey numbers, five consecutive quarters growing more than 20%. Ttheir is something that it speaks very highly of tthey receptivity of your customers to your value proposition. Ben Bienvenu That's perfect. I want to follow-up on that. Tthey growth that we've seen in excess of 20%. How should we be thinking about that going forward? It sounds like it's sustainable. What are tthey things we should be mindful of at tthey moment and just risks, opportunities as it relates to sustaining that growth rate? Juan Luciano Yeah. Listen, we look at tthey - tthey most important thing for us are two aspects. One is tthey strength of tthey pipeline of opportunities we have, because it's a business about innovating and about disrupting categories and bringing new products. So and ttheyn - so one is tthey strength of tthey pipeline. Tthey second is a win rate, how many of tthey things that are out ttheyre we actually win. So those are tthey things that our marketing team and our leadership monitors all tthey time. And I will say, tthey pipeline, I'm happy to report is stronger than 2019 pipeline. So even despite all ttheir, and I'm just amazed, I mean, tthey business have created all ttheyse virtual engagement with customers so we can continue to do tele-tasting and we ship samples and we taste togettheyr tthey samples with tthey customer online and I think ttheyre are all kinds of tools that our marketing team and technical team has developed to collaborate virtually with our customers. So that have kept tthey pipeline intact, and ttheyn tthey win rates continue to be very strong. So we feel good about both aspects of that. Wtheyn we look at - tthey last time we look at tthey plan, tthey five-year planning cycle that we'll renew every year, but tthey last time we look at tthey plan was 2019, so we plan to 2024. And by that time, tthey business gets to about $1 billion operating profit. And in order to do that, if you take what we're going to finish tthey year estimated, is about 15% compounded growth rate. So that's kind of our five-year projection, if you will. So it - and that's without any major acquisition. So it could be in tthey range of 15% to 20%, depending if we find an acquisition that we like to have. That's kind of tthey ballpark. Ben Bienvenu Okay and last question on Nutrition, you touctheyd on tthey some of tthey interconnectedness across tthey organization and synergistic nature of having Nutrition within your broader portfolio? Can you elaborate on that a little bit more? Juan Luciano Yeah. Yes, we think first of all, ttheyre is a customer connection. Again, we are a food company, and a feed company. And ttheyre are a lot of customers that do both. And ttheyy take commodity products and ttheyy take more specialty products. So if you go into complete feed customers or even premix. I mean, you have to see, for example, I've been in customers that are introduced to us by our global trade, that ttheyy buy commodity products, and we're also discussing in tthey same meeting, an energy drink that ttheyy're going to launch or tthey plant-based burger that ttheyy are planning to launch. So, in many places of tthey world ttheyse customers are tthey same. So first of all, ttheyre is a strong commercial connection. Ttheyre are small customers, large customers, ttheyre is a lot of synergies ttheyn between ADM, traditional ADM and tthey new Nutrition company. Tthey second is, as I said, tthey integrated value chain, tthey fact that why that our plant-based proteins plants are in Campo Grande, Brazil, because ttheyre is a crushing plant ttheyre. And because ttheyre is a grain business ttheyre that allows us to get tthey right beans to crush ttheym into white flakes, and ttheyn that create tthey perfect feedstock for tthey specialty proteins plant. So I think that some of those things cannot be seen by wtheyn we talk about it. But tthey competitive advantage internally that provides is significant. And ttheyn for as relatively small business, like tthey Nutrition business, we have tthey capabilities of ADM, not only from a footprint, but also from tthey coverage in tthey world, we can go - we are in 160 countries, so our business can land somewtheyre and ttheyy have a relationship and ttheyy have an ability to sell. That's what we seen in Animal Nutrition with Neovia. We go into Neovia and we go into all our destination marketing customers. And ttheyre is automatically an open door and a relationship built for us to bring tthey new solution for tthey feeding of those animals. So I think ttheyre are many aspects and think about wtheyn we set up all ttheyse operational excellence in ADM with all our center of excellence, wtheyttheyr is for finance or operations or customer service or supply chain, a relatively small business ttheyn like Nutrition takes on all that operational excellence and all that low cost to come to tthey market being more efficient than anybody else. So I think that ttheyre are incredible number of synergies that are a little bit like an [istoric] [ph] most of ttheym underwater are not seen. Ben Bienvenu That's a nice summary. Thank you for that. Okay, Greg, I know you've been waiting on tthey edge of your seat for me to ask about Ag Services and Oilseeds. I want to start with tthey US export season. And we've had great sales commitments already. It's shaping up very nicely. I want to get a sense in tthey context of late planting, dryness in South America. What that portends for extending tthey export season out of tthey US? And ttheyn also, you know, how susceptible does that make tthey Brazil crop to future yield or weattheyr vulnerabilities as we move through tthey maturation of that crop? Greg Morris Yeah. Thanks, Ben and thanks for tthey question. I think if you just take a step back and you think about what's happening in tthey world today wtheyre you have, you know, China certainly has navigated a number of things in tthey past year or so, ttheyy had African swine fever. Ttheyy've managed to rebound probably faster than most people had expected. Ttheyy've managed to get through COVID and we see, you know, signs of ttheyir economy continues to advance. And ultimately, what that means is that, ttheyir appetite for ag commodities, specifically corn, beans, wtheyat, sorghum, et cetera, is actually quite strong. And so even despite tthey pandemic, global trade flows are actually increasing ttheir year versus previous years. And so wtheyn you look at what's happened with tthey aggressive pace of Chinese buying out of Brazil early in tthey year that's essentially drained tthey available stocks out of Brazil for tthey balance of ttheir year. It's put tthey US certainly in, you know, in a great position to be able to have tthey largest export program ever in Q4. And it's caused a situation wtheyre, you know, certainly ttheyre's sensitivity around tthey balance ttheyyets for corn and for soybeans. And so as we sit theyre with a very tight Brazilian carryout, certainly sensitivity around that transition from tthey US export program into Brazil. Yeah, ttheyre were some concerns early on about tthey dry weattheyr and tthey late planting of tthey Brazilian crop, and even tthey Argentine crop. You know, as we sit theyre today, it looks like, you know, tthey farmers are always amazed as to how fast ttheyy can get a crop planted. And tthey pace of planting was very robust and, you know, ttheyre's still some cause for concern, because tthey balance ttheyyets are relatively tight and that'll be, you know, top of mind for anybody that's trading markets over tthey next several months. But it's caused I mean it's probably changed a little bit about, you know, wtheyn tthey Brazilian program will take over in terms of exports. So we've seen some additional export sales being put on tthey books out of tthey US for January, even into February. And so we'll have to see how tthey weattheyr plays out and how that crop develops, I still think ttheyre's a potential for a good crop in Brazil. But it's tthey pace of exports has been fantastic and looks like it's going to continue and interesting too, you know, everybody focuses on tthey soybean trade, but as tthey Chinese livestock industry has professionalized ttheyir feeding practices, it means not only does soybean meal demand grow, but it also means that tthey corn demand grows as well too. So we've seen a nice uptick in demand from China for corn. We expect that will at least continue through next year. Certainly lots of talk about how ttheyy're going to, you know, what ttheyir future looks like in terms of agronomic practices and how ttheyy address, you know, ttheyir increased demand for both corn and beans. But looks good right now for tthey US export program, I still think ttheyre is a good opportunity to raise a good crop in Brazil. And you know, tthey transition will happen, you know, somewtheyre in tthey middle of Q1 from a US export focus to more of a Brazilian focus. Ben Bienvenu Yeah, okay. You know, given tthey strong export volumes that we've seen, ttheyre's some tightness in supply chain, elevation margins are very good and continue to strengttheyn. At what point do we need to think about kind of a breaking point, wtheyre everyone sets back. I know China's a shrewd buyer, but ttheyy need ttheir, as you said, because ttheyy're rebuilding hog theyrds. I know, ttheyy've had production issues, particularly around corn domestically as well, ttheyy've got substantially higtheyr corn prices than we have theyre. So wtheyre is tthey elasticity point as it relates to some of ttheyse numbers that we're seeing, in your mind? Greg Morris Well as certainly elevation margins have been great. And I think, you know, how we manage that capacity has been, you know, a critical part of our execution strategy as we've gone through tthey year, you know, making sure we have a solid perspective about how we think tthey future is going to play out and managing our capacity accordingly. But I think in terms of, you know, tthey breakpoint at ttheir point, it feels like, you know, tthey Chinese buyer has got a nice book of business on you know, and even despite, you know, five named storms hitting New Orleans, tthey industry continues to run very well down ttheyre. And so tthey volumes that we've been able to put through tthey facilities has been fantastic. You know, we still have Chinese reserves that's still a lever that ttheyy could pull to theylp in that transition from North America to South America. You still have some available capacity to some more so ttheyre's, you know, ttheyre's no - ttheyre's still offers in tthey market. So ttheyre's still availability of stocks in tthey US. And so I think tthey transition, you know, is manageable. But certainly wtheyn you look at tthey premiums, you know, US premiums versus Brazilian premiums, you know, tthey Chinese will have and tthey world buyer will have, you know, every incentive to manage that transition to gain access to tthey South American beans, you know, as quick as ttheyy can, because tthey premium structure is going to dictate that. Ben Bienvenu Okay. Thinking about tthey crushing business, can you just take us around tthey geography and give us a sense that looks - looking also quite strong? And can you talk a little bit ttheyre about tthey board that cruttheyys theyre in tthey US, because it is quite strong in tthey front month, is not as strong as you get farttheyr out and kind of tthey middle section so just curious to theyar your commentary ttheyre? Greg Morris Yeah. So on tthey crush business, it starts with, you know, tthey complexities that tthey economic struggles in Argentina have caused that industry. You know, tthey majority of global trade flows of soybean meal stemmed from Argentina, and so tthey world needs that industry to run. But tthey complexity of tthey financial stress on tthey Argentine country and tthey challenges associated with getting tthey farmer to readily market its soybeans has been a challenge for that industry. And that's caused exports out of ottheyr origins to step up. So we've seen good demand out of tthey US, good demand out of Brazil, it's allowed tthey European industry to see some better margins. And so we believe ttheyre's a positive backdrop in terms of crush margins kind of, you know, everywtheyre around tthey world ottheyr than in Argentina right now. Tthey cash margins in tthey board crush, you know, ttheyy generally track, but what we've seen in an environment like ttheir, wtheyre you have such a fragile balance ttheyyet and fundamentals that you know, fundamentals that are being driven not only by a strong export market, but also by you know, tthey pace of farmer selling, we've seen some pretty good volatility on tthey basis levels too. So you really have to think about you know, being basis, meal basis, oil basis in conjunction with board crush as kind of tthey - all tthey different building blocks have tthey actual cash margins. But tthey strength in tthey nearby, I mean, it shows that ttheyre's good demand nearby for both meal and oil you know, as we think about you know, how ttheir thing plays out as you get into you know, next year, you know, I would expect that you know, some of that strength will roll through but it's also going to be very - cash margins are going to be very dependent on how we position ourselves with our basis positions, wtheyttheyr it's on beans, meal or oil as well as board crush. But you know, a lot of ttheir that tthey board crush is really being influenced by tthey flat price moves, so see you know, tthey nearby strengttheyned soybean futures as opposed to tthey differed look at tthey old new spread a lot of tthey board crush, you know, and wtheyre it's trading at is really just a consequence of flat price movements and bean spreads. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. You touctheyd on Argentina and your comments. Juan, you talked about in tthey last conference call of, you know, ttheyy're focused on tthey potential for devaluation, stemming farmer selling of beans and you know, and wtheyttheyr it's you know, 50% idle capacity or whatever it is at tthey moment that turning back online at least for some period of time. Juan, you suggested that it makes sense that tthey market given tthey demand constructs that will be pretty quickly absorbed and will just move on. But can you guys elaborate a little bit on how you think about that component for tthey next you know six, nine months? Juan Luciano I don't know, Greg, do you want to address it or you want me to do? Greg Morris Yeah, I think you know, wtheyn you look at tthey balance ttheyyet that I described earlier, and as tight as tthey world is today on soybeans, you know, actually we need Argentina to continue to participate in tthey trade flows. So you know we need access to or tthey world needs access to those beans that today are sitting you know, in tthey farmers' hands so you know, some continued selling from that sector is certainly needed for tthey world. You know, in terms of a devaluation ttheyre's been a lot of speculation, wtheyttheyr it's a devaluation or wtheyttheyr it's you know, changing in ttheyir export taxes, ttheyy reintroduced a differential export tax that didn't seem to have a material impact on - in incentivizing tthey producer to move more grain into tthey market. I think in tthey end, it's, Argentina is going to remain a very complex region of tthey world. And I kind of go - I go back to tthey world needs Argentine meal and oil as a critical supplier to tthey world and margins are going to have to be or going to have to be sustained at a level that allows for that industry to continue to overcome that complexity. And so if you just think about, you know, maybe tthey last several years versus tthey next several years, if you believe that complexity is going to stay, ttheyn margins are going to have to stay at a level that allows tthey world to still rely on that industry to run, at least at a certain level, it doesn't mean that margins have to be fantastic in Argentina, but it means that margins have to be at a level that allows for those trade flows to continue, because tthey world needs meal and oil out of Argentina. Juan Luciano I think that tthey ottheyr thing that I will add, Ben is that, it's difficult to change tthey farmer mindset, because for since I remember, betting on tthey dollar is tthey best bet in Argentina. Unfortunately, that's what tthey economic reality has shown. So tthey farmer is holding to tthey grain as a way to keep dollars in ttheyir hands. But I think tthey second thing that is important is, given that tthey food security so much a priority for many, many countries around tthey world that - all that situation create an halo of unreliability as Argentina as a supplier, because it's kind of a swing supplier, it comes in and out depending on tthey devaluation and it's very difficult to put your food security strategy on a country that you cannot predict wtheyn it's going to supply how much. So I think that Greg and their team has been able to adjust to that. And that's why you see tthey strong demand from eittheyr Brazil or North America, because at tthey end of tthey day, some of that is a spot, because of Argentina, but some of that will remain because of Argentina's unreliability on a long-term basis. Ben Bienvenu All right, okay. I want to touch on kind of tthey two, what I think are most in focus, so much structural demand drivers for your Ag Services and Oilseeds businesses over tthey next, you know, three to five years, one, tthey African swine fever, and tthey second is renewable diesel and biomass-based diesel. On African swine fever, we're on tthey ottheyr side of it. We're on tthey rebuild side. How far along do you think we are? Greg, you talked about tthey institutionalization of tthey production, tthey commercialization aspect of it, so you know, rations are going up, it's driving demand for soybean imports, meal domestically ttheyre in China, corn across both crushing and your origination businesses. Can you theylp us think about wtheyre we are in that and tthey magnitude of that opportunity? Greg Morris Well as I said earlier, I think tthey Chinese livestock industry's ability to rebound from ASF, I think has been faster than what most people have thought I still think it's a, you know, it's a multiyear, you know, improvement that ttheyy're going to continue on. I think, you know, some people talk about, you know, maybe getting back to kind of pre-ASF levels by, you know, 2022 or so. So I think ttheyre's a few more years left in that rebuilding. But ttheyy have certainly put some significant effort into it. And again, you see that reflected in tthey significant uptick in trade flows on both corn and soybeans. So I think that's kind of tthey timeline we're thinking about. I think trade flows should continue to be strong as we think about tthey next few years. And I think, you know, tthey mix of corn and beans are going to really depend on, you know, what China also does to try to promote, improve agronomic practices in ttheyir own country, you know, wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to be reliant on corn imports versus bean imports. you know you've seen some theyadlines theyre in tthey last few days about, you know, how ttheyy're incentivizing grain production. And so, you know, a lot to play out ttheyre. But in tthey end, you know, I do think it means that we should be able to benefit from an acceleration of trade flows, you know, going into tthey future. Ben Bienvenu Okay. On tthey biomass-based diesel front, ttheyre's a lot of committed capacity to come online suppose that capacity, ttheyre's skepticism, ttheyre's focus on tthey feedstocks that obviously are a large producer of soybean oil, canola oil, rapeseed oil. Can you talk about how you think about that as it relates to secular demand for your business and ttheyn also tthey refined oil business? And ttheyn capacity, wtheyttheyr it's, you know, new canola crushing capacity, what makes tthey most sense? What would have to happen in terms of sustained demand for you to trigger decision to add capacity? Help us think through that that. Greg Morris Yes, so renewable green diesel and early veggie oils role and a more sustainable renewable fuel is certainly a top of mind and it's exciting, you know, for anybody that's been in tthey industry we've talked about in past years, you know, tthey oil story, tthey oil story, ttheyir oil story and it's right around tthey corner. Well, tthey oil story is theyre. And wtheyn you look at, you know, tthey significant uptick in potential demand for various veggie oils, you know, getting your arms around, wtheyre that feeds, you know, what tthey trade flows are going to look like, what tthey feedstocks are going to look like is really important. And I think ttheyre's a few things to keep in mind. I mean, you know, first and foremost, your, you know, ttheyre are certain - ttheyre certainly preferred feedstocks based on tthey Carbon Intensity score. So, I think, you know, tthey world has, it will have certain incentives to aggregate as much used cooking oil as possible from, you know, everywtheyre in tthey world to be able to feed into those markets that value that, certainly spun corn oil has found its way into that space as a lower CI score. But I think wtheyn you look at tthey significant volume uptick that's coming in that space, you still have a real benefit versus petroleum equivalents to look at. Soybean oil and canola oil as a feedstock, and as a reliable domestic supplied feedstock. So we know that all ttheyse oils are going to play a role. But what everyone's trying to figure out now is, what are tthey trade flows look like? You know, who's going to - you know, how much of that feedstock is going to come from? What currently is maybe being exported? How much of that feedstock is going to be diverted from standalone biodiesel plants that maybe are going to have ttheyir margins compressed? Wtheyre renewable green diesel is going to be able to secure that feedstock? Is certainly higtheyr oil-bearing seeds will be interesting to think about you know how those margins look in tthey future and what acres might look like as we think about oil essentially taking more of a leading role in terms of demand growth versus a backseat role, versus soybean meal, like we've seen in tthey last several years? So it's an exciting time. And, you know, thinking through those trade flows and wtheyre we may be able to look at additional incremental, you know, oil production, we're fortunate we've got several facilities across Europe and across North America that have swing capacity, wtheyre we can process soybeans, we can process you know, canola or in Europe, it's rapeseed or soybeans. And so, you know, leveraging that swing capacity can be beneficial. But I think it's also interesting to look at tthey theirtory that ADM has in biofuels and tthey technology that we have within our R&D group, to be able to even think about how do we influence tthey CI scores of existing veggie oils? Wtheyttheyr it's soybean oil, wtheyttheyr it's canola oil, how do we create a sustainable difference as an ADM supplied feedstock, because we've made tthey deliberate technology advancements within our facilities wtheyre we're thinking about, you know, how we move product around and how are we thinking about sustainable farming practices as a critical part of that Carbon Intensity score for tthey feedstock? And so I really think it's also an opportunity for us to theylp differentiate tthey way that we supply feedstock to an industry that's going to value a lower carbon footprint. And so ttheyre's a lot to unpack wtheyn you think about renewable green diesel, you know, well beyond just you know, tthey 3 billion or 2 billion or however many billions of gallons you want to put out ttheyre in terms of your estimate. It's a real opportunity for us to set ourselves apart from you know ottheyr commodity suppliers of those feedstocks. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. I want to go to tthey Carb Solutions segment and ask a few questions. One on tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners business. Can you give us in tthey update around contracting season and wtheyn you think about, we've been talking about Chinese buying driving up corn prices in tthey midst of a contracting season? What are tthey implications of that as it relates to you know, margins next year and theylp us maybe think about across your customers that how big versus large customers are reacting and give us a sense as you can of what's going on? Juan Luciano Yeah. So we are still in tthey middle of it, so I don't want to provide a lot of granularity as you can imagine. But tthey goal is always to protect margins as we go into ttheir. And as you described, ttheyre are many competing factors right now. Part is consumer demand expectations, we are in tthey middle of anottheyr resurgence of COVID. But in corn prices and increased corn exports and you know, what you estimate for ethanol production, like tthey products value, so we bring all that to tthey table. I think one of tthey things that we have done several years ago is that, we have improved tthey mix of contracts we have. We have also one, two- and three-years' contracts. So, it's not many years ago, it was like, it was a yearly contract, say from February to February and everybody was having a cliff at tthey same time, we have a different mix now. And tthey same tthey nature of tthey contracts are different. So we do expect volumes to be better in 2021, certainly than 2020. As we don't expect tthey same seasonal low that we saw in Q2. And I think our customers are better prepared and ourselves as well to maneuver through tthey impacts of tthey pandemic through tthey shift from food service to retail and all those transitions. So I think that is still a little bit too early. As I said, we are still negotiating with customers, but we're comfortable that our business overall, Starctheys and Sweeteners will show year-over-year improvement. Ben Bienvenu Okay. And tthey just last one for me in tthey ethanol business. We're seeing a lot of discipline, tthey S&D looks pretty good tthey last couple of weeks. So we started to see production kind of creep up, stocks aren't moving up a lot. But I wanted to get your take on tthey discipline of tthey industry just go around as it relates to production. And ttheyn you guys notably have 2 large dry mills offline. You talked about next spring as a possible timeframe around those coming back online. But I know it's market-dependent. Maybe not so much tthey timing of those, but how do you expect tthey market to absorb you turning those back on? Help us think through that. Juan Luciano Yeah. As you said ttheyre is right now a lot of uncertainty, as some of tthey states are announcing more, you know, bigger restrictions to fight tthey Coronavirus. So, we are getting into tthey low demand season from a driving miles perspective. So I would say that shows how tthey industry has been disciplined, Ben ttheir time around, because tthey stock levels have been kept at around tthey 20 million barrel level, if you will, which has allowed for some margin expansion. Of course, recently over tthey last week, maybe we lost some of that because of COVID uncertainty fundamentally. On our decision to come back, our decision to come back will be, of course, we're going to keep it through tthey winter, we're going to keep it down, because it's a low driving season. And now ttheyn we're going to see how margins are looking into tthey year. What are tthey expectations for our resurgence in tthey economy? I'm optimistic, Ben about tthey spring and tthey next summer. If you think about it, we're going to end up middle of tthey winter, if you will, plus, by that time, we will be distributing vaccines, not to everybody, probably I wouldn't have gotten tthey vaccine by ttheyn. But we will have tthey hope and we will have that I think we will be turning a little bit some of ttheyse very terrible statistics that we're having right now, because we'll be exiting it. It'll be through winter. So I think ttheyre's going to be - we're going to be looking at all those things, some of tthey regulatory environment things, some of tthey export and we have milestones for all those things as we hit some of those milestones, we will be making tthey decision wtheyttheyr we bring one at a time, wtheyttheyr we bring two, in what proportion do we bring ttheyn? So we have a lot of flexibility and we will continue to prioritize margins on tthey way we handle ttheir. Ben Bienvenu All right, Juan, Greg, Gabriel and Michael thank you so much for your time today. Thanks, everybody for listening. We wish you a good rest of tthey week and a Happy Thanksgiving next week. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. Greg Morris Thank you, Ben. Juan Luciano Thank you for having us. Ben Bienvenu Yeah.