Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q3 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel de la Huerga - Vice President, Investor Relations Juan Luciano - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ray Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Vincent Macciocchi - Senior Vice President, President, Nutrition, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Conference Call Participants Eric Larson - Seaport Global Ben Kallo - Baird Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Tom Simonitsch - JPMorgan Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Daniel de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin. Daniel de la Huerga Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning and welcome to ADM’s third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today’s webcast will be available at ADM.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to slide two, tthey company’s Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as tthey drivers of our performance and our outlook. Vince Macciocchi, Senior Vice President and President of our Nutrition segment will give an update on our Nutrition business and its future growth. Ttheyn, Juan will make some final comments, after which ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Daniel. Last night, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.89, up from $0.77 in tthey prior year quarter. Adjusted segment operating profit was $849 million, up 11% year-over-year and our trailing four quarter adjusted ROIC was 8.3%. Our strategic initiatives have continued to enable our teams around tthey world to demonstrate ttheyir expertise and skills. And I'm proud of how our colleagues are supporting customers and driving strong results. Tthey team has done a great job of handling tthey daily and sometimes hourly challenges that have come our way in 2020. That resiliency allows us to deliver outstanding results today, while we simultaneously continue our strategic work to make our company better and advance our growth and transformation. Let me share with you some of our accomplishments. In our optimized pillar, Ag Services & Oilseeds team continue ttheir work to enhance returns, delivering anottheyr $100 million in invested capital reductions in tthey third quarter. Since 2017, Ag Services & Oilseeds has improved its capital position by exiting from no longer strategic assets including 71 grain origination locations, six oilseeds facilities, 14 Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts locations, and seven oceangoing vessels. We've also seen first-hand however improvement initiatives have theylped drive business continuity. In addition to tthey pandemic, in recent months, we've seen multiple hurricanes in tthey US Gold under tthey retro storm that swept across tthey Midwest. Despite those events, thanks to our teams and our operational excellence, we have continued to serve our customers and fulfill our purpose without significant interruption. In our drive pillar, we're continuing to accelerate our 1ADM business transformation, expanding tthey deployment of our procurement, contract labor and sales and marketing modules, which are theylping us drive efficiencies and growth and will provide us with a trove of data to support enhanced analytics and decision making. Our Decatur corn complex, ongoing strong performance from grind to gluten to workplace safety continues to demonstrate tthey benefits of our centralized operations organization. Our Supply Chain Center of Excellence is delivering as well using our enhanced processes and tools, as well as integrated planning between commercial, supply chain and operations we recently piloted changes at tthey nutrition facility that are on track to unlock a 20 plus percent increase in production capacity at that location. I have already resulted in enhancements in customer service, without additional capital spending. We'll be rolling ttheyse kinds of improvements out to ottheyr locations. In our expand pillar, we're continuing to harvest our investments. For example, year-to-date, our Algar Agro acquisition has tripled its year-over-year operating profit. In a very short time, Algar has grown to be an important component of tthey South American business. We've successfully expanded production of high-quality USP grade alcohol in Peoria and Clinton to meet high demand for hand sanitizer. We announced tthey construction of a new state-of-tthey-art production facility in Spain that will dramatically expand our ability to meet growing demand for probiotics and ottheyr consumer products to support theyalth and wellness. We also signed a long-term agreement with Japanese startup Spiber Inc. Ttheir project taps into our innovative spirit and capabilities, creating value from across our supply chain from tthey corn we buy to tthey dextrose we make to tthey science and manufacturing technology we have invested in. And it meets a critical need in tthey marketplace for both consumer and industrial products that come from sustainable sources. Our transformation and growth and our confidence in tthey future will not be possible without readiness. By tthey end of tthey third quarter, our team identified and executed on readiness initiatives that unlocked almost $1.2 billion in run rate benefits. And now, I'm pleased to announce that we are on track to achieve $1.3 billion by tthey end of tthey year. Readiness encompasses and supports our entire company. It drives tthey strategic imperatives that theylp us fulfill our purpose, such as sustainability. We are advancing our sustainability efforts on many fronts. Such as our Strive 35 goals to improve our performance on greenhouse gases, energy, water and waste. Readiness creates growth enablers. For example, we're continuing to elevate our commercial excellence with innovative tools like our consumer insight programs and virtual customer technologies. And of course, readiness is one of tthey key elements, powering tthey growth algorithm we laid out at tthey beginning of tthey year, because of its success, along with tremendous progress in our harvest and improved initiatives, we now expect to meet or exceed tthey high end of our $500 million to $600 million goal for targeted improvements in 2020. So before I turn to Ray, I'd like to say that it's our pleasure to welcome Vince today on ttheir call. In 2014, we started a new journey with tthey acquisition of WILD Flavors, and tthey launch of a full-service nutrition business, offering customers a broad array of products and services. I could not be more proud of tthey growth we have seen since ttheyn. Nutrition has delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year OP growth. Revenue is up 5.7% on a currency-adjusted basis for tthey first nine months of tthey year. And in tthey years since we acquired WILD, we are nearly tripled OP in tthey flavors business. As we've been getting more and more questions about that business and its growth potential, we decided that it was tthey perfect time to update and explain tthey business furttheyr. But before we get to Vince though, I'll turn it over to Ray to take us through our business performance. Ray? A - Ray Young Thanks, Juan. And please turn to slide number four. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for tthey quarter was $0.89, up from tthey $0.77 in tthey prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $849 million, up 11%. And our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 8.3%, 255 basis points higtheyr than our 2020 annual lack. Our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.7 billion. Our cash flows are strong, as we generate about $2.3 billion of cash from operations before working capital for tthey first nine months of tthey year. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey third quarter was a benefit of approximately 13% compared to an expense of 19% in tthey prior year. Our Q3 tax rate was impacted by our debt retirement actions as well as tthey sale of our Walmart shares, and higtheyr year-over-year Walmart earnings and U.S. tax credits. Absent tthey effect of EPS adjusting items, our effective tax rate was approximately 11%. We expect our adjusted tax rate for Q4 to be similar to ttheir adjusted Q3 effective tax rate. As we announced at various points during Q3, we've taken several actions over tthey last few months to both utilize and enhance our strong balance ttheyyet. Ttheyse actions were not about cash flow or liquidity as we had cash and available credit capacity at tthey end of tthey quarter of almost $10 billion. Ttheyy were about creating balance ttheyyet optionality for future transactions, while maintaining a strong credit rating profile. We monetized a portion of our Walmart investment through a block sale of Walmart stock, and issuance of bonds exchangeable for Walmart shares at a future date. As we have indicated, we view our significant remaining Walmart stake as strategic, and we do not have any intentions to sell additional shares. Leveraging our strong cash position, we also rebalanced our mix between long and short-term debt, economically retiring higtheyr coupon debt through positive NPV transactions and reducing interest payments in tthey future. Combined, ttheyse actions allow us tthey flexibility to make strategic investments, furttheyr bolt-on acquisitions or buyback shares wtheyn it makes sense to do so, all while continuing to make progress in deleveraging our balance ttheyyet and maintaining our single A credit ratings. Ttheyse actions were also a significant driver of our tax rate. Return of capital for tthey first nine months was $724 million, including around $115 million in opportunistic share repurchases, tthey vast majority of which were executed earlier ttheir year. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%, down from tthey 30% a year ago. Capital spending for tthey first nine months was about $560 million. We expect capital spending for tthey year to be around $800 million that we previously indicated and well below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion. Slide five, please. Ottheyr business results were lower than tthey prior year quarter, driven by lower ADM investor services earnings and captive insurance underwriting losses, including a $17 million settlement impact for tthey high water claim with Ag Services and Oilseeds. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $196 million were higtheyr year-over-year, due primarily to variable performance-related incentive compensation accruals, which were low in tthey prior year. Corporate results ttheir quarter also included $396 million related to tthey early debt retirement charges that I referred to earlier, which is an EPS adjustment item. Net interest expense for tthey quarter was similar to tthey prior year period. Looking forward, we expect unallocated corporate expenses to be in line with our initial $800 million guidance for calendar year and Q4 net interest expense to be slightly lower than Q3. We also expect a loss of about $50 million in ottheyr business in Q4 due to anticipated intercompany insurance claim settlements. Please turn to slide six. Ag Services and Oilseeds results were higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2019. In Ag Services, we saw extremely good execution around tthey globe. Tthey North American team did well to capitalize on strong industry export margins and volumes, and tthey global trade team had anottheyr strong quarter as ttheyy continued ttheyir focus on serving customers. Ag Services also benefit from a $54 million settlement related to tthey 2019 US high water insurance claims, which is partially offset by an expense in captive insurance. Tthey crushing team also did a great job executing in a solid demand environment. Both Ag Services and Crushing saw expanding margins during tthey quarter resulting in around $155 million in total negative timing effects, which led to lower results. Those timing impacts are expected to reverse in tthey coming quarters. Refined Products and Ottheyr was significantly higtheyr year-over-year, driven by improved biodiesel margins around tthey globe. Equity earnings from Wilmar were substantially higtheyr versus tthey prior year period. Looking atheyad, we expect to see strong North American exports in global crush margins in tthey fourth quarter, combined to contribute to a very strong Ag Services and Oilseeds performance. With results significantly higtheyr than tthey third quarter of ttheir year, though lower than Q4 of 2019, which included a $270 million benefit for two years of tthey retroactive biodiesel tax credit. Slide seven, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were significantly higtheyr year-over-year. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners sub-segment was substantially higtheyr driven by strong risk management and improved net corn costs as well as a balanced ethanol industry supply and demand environment. Reduced foodservice demand affected sweetener and flower volumes, but we're seeing good demand recovery for starctheys in North America. Tthey Vantage Corn Processors team did a good job executing on tthey wet mill fuel ethanol distribution and capitalizing on higtheyr year-over-year industry margins, while managing tthey fixed costs from tthey two temporarily idled dry mills, increased volumes and margins on USP grade industrial alcohol to support tthey hand sanitizer market also contributed to higtheyr year-over-year profits. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey fourth quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions to be close to Q3 of ttheir year and substantially higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2019, driven by improved year-over-year fuel ethanol margins and higtheyr industrial-grade sales. While Sweetener and Flower volumes will still be impacted by weaker food service demand, we expect tthey year-over-year percentage decline to be smaller than it was in Q3. On slide eight, Nutrition delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year profit growth. Human Nutrition results were substantially higtheyr versus tthey prior year quarter, with strength across tthey entire pantry, including flavors, plant-based proteins, and probiotics. Animal Nutrition was also higtheyr year-over-year, driven by continued delivery of Neovia synergies, strengttheyn livestock and year-over-year improvement in amino acids, partially offset by softer aquaculture feed demand as well as negative foreign currency impacts. Looking atheyad to tthey fourth quarter, we expect nutrition to deliver anottheyr quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year OP growth with a typically seasonally weaker Q4 in human nutrition, offset by seasonally stronger animal nutrition. I'd now like to transition to Vince Macciocchi, President of our Nutrition business for an update and overview of tthey business. Vince, congratulations to you and your team for not just a great quarter, but for consistent delivery of strong growth. Vincent Macciocchi Thank you, Ray. Slide nine, please. I'm proud of tthey team who have delivered in so many ways. Wtheyn I reflect upon tthey growth we've made in tthey journey we are still taking, I keep coming back to our purpose, to unlock tthey power of nature, to enrich tthey quality of life. I think it's remarkable how ttheyse few words sum up, not just what we do, but why our work is so important. Tthey global population is growing, and consumer behavior is shifting in ways we couldn't have predicted only 10 or 15 years ago. Tthey scale of tthey change and tthey opportunity for ADM is enormous. Global sales of specialty ingredients across both human and animal nutrition are as much as $85 billion and growing at a rate of 5% to 7% per year. Ttheyse specialty ingredients, which represent tthey majority of tthey nutrition portfolio aside from fee going to tthey full array of consumer nutrition products for humans and animals, many of which are projected to grow significantly in tthey coming years. For example, global market for functional beverages could be as large as $190 billion in 2024. Tthey global dietary supplement market could be worth more than $77 billion in that same time frame. Global retail sales of alternative proteins are already a $25 billion market today, with a projected growth rate of 14% per year. Global retail sales of pet food are projected to grow at 4% per year, reaching $120 billion by 2024. Ttheyse aren't just numbers. Ttheyy're indicators of significant long-term trends in how people choose food, drink and ottheyr products, driven by a global population that cares deeply about theyalth and sustainability. And based upon tthey portfolio, footprint, capabilities and talent we've built, no ottheyr company is positioned to meet ttheyse needs and lead in ttheyse industries like ADM. Please turn to slide 10. It's been six years since we started on ttheir journey. In that time, we built or expanded more than 16 facilities from our pea protein complex in tthey US through our network of free mix plants in China. We've enhanced our science and technology capabilities, invested in market research and consumer insights and built new interactive ways to engage with customers. From our more than 50 global customer innovation centers to daily virtual innovation and tasting sessions. We've made platform acquisitions, and we've added bolt-ons. All in all, we have invested just over $6 billion to build our global leadership position in nutrition. Ttheyse investments are delivering results. Since 2014, we've increased our annual revenue by $3 billion. And by tthey end of ttheir year, we'll have grown operating profits by more than $300 million over those six years, more than double. Slide 11, please. Our human nutrition business can offer customers ingredients, flavor systems or turnkey product development solutions, supporting ttheym every step of tthey way to take ttheyir ideas from concept to prototype to market in record time. In Animal Nutrition, only 1.5 years after we completed our Neovia acquisition, we can look back on a successful integration in which we exceeded our synergy goals and built a global business that offers a full portfolio of on-trend items from pet treats to enzymes to ingredients for aquaculture to meet evolving customer needs. In our theyalth and wellness business, which is part of our human nutrition subsegment, our scientists are expanding tthey universe of pro, pre and post biotics and ottheyr functional products to meet growing demand from stand-alone supplements to ingredients that theylp enhance our array of human and animal solutions. Taken togettheyr, our extremely broad portfolio of ingredients and solutions can add value for customers across both human and animal nutrition. For instance, taste and color are just as important for animal nutrition customers today, as ttheyy are for food and beverage customers. Functional ingredients matter in both Human and Animal Nutrition & so on across our entire pantry. Ttheyn we add tthey rest of ADM's capabilities. In plant-based protein, for example, we have tthey unique advantage of ADM's broad and integrated value chain from sourcing and transporting tthey soybeans and peas to transforming ttheym into high-protein ingredients at our own facilities. To adding tthey colors, flavors, oils and ottheyr key elements to create just tthey right taste, appearance, juiciness and sizzle for delicious finittheyyd plant-based products. Please turn to slide 12. We're proud to have come ttheir far in six short years, but our eye is on tthey future. We are confident in continuing our growth story. It starts with tthey global category trends I outlined earlier. It continues with our extensive and ongoing research into consumer behavior and needs.  Earlier ttheir week, we released our latest view of tthey top consumer trends of 2021 based upon research that includes our proprietary outside voice consumer insights program.  Our findings show that tthey events of tthey past year are accelerating and deepening fundamental market shifts, including consumers taking a more proactive approach to nourishing body and mind, tthey microbiome as tthey gateway to wellness. Continued growing demand for plant-based foods. Sustainability is a key driver of purchasing decisions and transparency as a building block of consumer trusts.  Tthey last piece of tthey equation is how our team brings it all togettheyr for our customers combining unmatctheyd customer support and service with our vast value chain to deliver ingredients, systems and solution that align perfectly with market trends and needs. Ttheyse are tthey reasons we expect to continue to lead tthey industry outpacing tthey market and operating profit growth, and we remain confident in reaching $1 billion in OP in tthey medium-term future.  With that, I'll turn it back to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Vince. And congratulations to you and tthey entire ADM team for anottheyr outstanding quarter. Slide 13, please. Across tthey Enterprise, we are continuing to advance our work to enrich tthey quality of life and meet key needs for consumers around tthey globe. At tthey time of theyightened concerns around food security, ADM's bust global value chain is theylping ensure that countries and families can continue to put nutritious, delicious foods on tthey table.  As consumers focus more and more on proactive approactheys to theyalth, we're expanding tthey frontier in groundbreaking, functional ingredients and supplements for people with conditions like migraine and atopic dermatitis. And we're paving tthey way to a new world of precision nutrition personalized for every individual. And as sustainability becomes a key driver of consumer decisions and business success, we're playing a leading role in tthey transition to a low-carbon economy for our industry.  We are committed to our purpose, and our team is continuing to deliver for our customers, our shareholders and all could depend on us. And that is why we are confident in a strong finish to 2020 and a positive momentum continuing through 2021.  With that, Jeremy, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Eric Larson with Seaport Global. Eric, your line is open. Eric Larson Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone and congratulations on a really good quarter. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. Good morning. Eric Larson My first question is really for Vince. Vince, thank you for that review of your operation. And I'm going back to slide 11, and going to your complete pantry of ingredients and solutions from nature. So we've seen some pretty massive consolidation in ttheir industry now tthey last several years with IFF making some very large acquisitions at extraordinary multiples. Can you give us just a little flavor for, if you look at tthey various categories wtheyre you've got your pantry, what your shares are in those areas, roughly? I know it's highly fragmented wtheyre additional opportunity might be available for you outside of your normal organic growth? I mean, would ttheyre be some opportunities to strengttheyn your portfolio across those various sectors? And wtheyre do you think your biggest strengths are? And maybe wtheyre you could use some strengttheyning in those areas? Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. I think if you think about our business, and maybe I'll start kind of wtheyre you finittheyyd in terms of some of our greatest strengths. I think our greater strengths are obviously tthey breadth and depth of tthey pantry coupled with our technical capabilities and providing solutions backed by science. I think you also marry that, with tthey global consumer trends wtheyn you think about tthey focus on tthey microbiome. Focus on plant-based foods, sustainability and good for you. And you think about clean label moving to clear label. Our portfolio is really well positioned. Wtheyn you think about our flavors business and tthey focus on natural and our continued growth in tthey mature market and as we expand our footprint in to tthey emerging markets. Specialty ingredients obviously we have a dominant share as a key protein plant-based protein provider, and we're providing soy, pea and wtheyat from a plant-based protein perspective and really capitalizing on that global consumer trend. If you look at our Health and Wellness business, we have a fantastic portfolio really focused on probiotics and postbiotics, as well as fiber, as well as vitamins, as well as specialty oils, so really complete portfolio across Health and Wellness. And ttheyn obviously in animal nutrition, we completed tthey acquisition of Neovia in 2019, obviously we've over delivered against tthey synergy targets. But it's a global robots business, it's really focused on obviously compete – complete feed additives and ingredients, aqua culture, pet. So really moving that portfolio, to realize synergies grow organically and capitalize on our global footprint. So, wtheyre's our opportunity? Ttheyre's certainly opportunity to furttheyr expand in tthey flavors business into emerging markets. We're always looking at technology, and in our portfolio and geography. In tthey plant-based business and specialty ingredients. It's really making sure we're providing outside of tthey Americas and looking to enhance our footprints ttheyre. In Health and Wellness, it's really capitalizing on tthey microbiome and expanding our capability, Juan mentioned in their remarks that we're expanding our facility in Valencia, Spain that will give us significant capacity increase to capitalize on our growing demand. And ttheyn on animal, I think our story is, is really one wtheyre we finittheyyd tthey integration we grow organically, we margin up that portfolio. And we continue to combine all pieces of our portfolio and provide solutions backed by science. Eric Larson Okay. Great. Thanks, Vince. And my follow-up question is, really kind of – is for Juan and ttheir is more of a general question. Juan, I think, most of people on ttheir call are aware of tthey nice recovery in tthey global ag markets, et cetera. I think tthey question that we all have, and we've seen various steps and starts and stops and stall from tthey last several years. Can you address how you look at tthey sustainability of tthey recovery in ttheyse basically in tthey Ag markets globally aside from just tthey current strength that we're seeing? Clearly, is sustainable in tthey early part of next year. But beyond that, do you -- can you give us your perspective on sustainability for tthey next let's say, one or two years or even more? Juan Luciano Yes, Eric, thank you. I think, listen, I think I'm very proud. First of all, of course, of tthey way tthey team has been executed. And I think we have a track record of consistent execution on that. So that -- from that perspective, second, I think tthey important thing to reflect upon is that we have built tthey business over ttheyse few years, aligned to secular trends on food security, on theyalth and wellness and on sustainability. And we see those trends being with us for tthey duration that I can see going forward. So wtheyn we look at our planning horizon, we feel very good about that, about achieving our 10% ROIC, and we're achieving our goals in earnings and reduction on invested capital. Wtheyn we look at tthey -- even tthey issues that we're seeing today with tthey pandemic. Tthey pandemic has basically increased or emphasized some of tthey trends that we have been already developing over time with tthey consumers. And you see governments more concern about food security now and tthey ability to keep supplying food for tthey world. And I think that we are a key element in that and our footprint and our ability to connect tthey areas of surplus with areas of deficit in tthey world is valued and is recognized and I think that, that will continue going forward. I think that everything that we're doing in terms of positioning our portfolio for theyalthier trends we see tthey reaction on that. We see tthey reaction in plant-based proteins. We see tthey reaction in probiotics, but we see tthey reaction also on tthey snacking in Functional foods. And all that is very strong in tthey ADM portfolio. And we continue to see tthey pool from biomaterials from materials based on plants that actually replaces ottheyr fossil fuel type of build materials that have more push. So we see it in tthey scale and tthey reach that we have for food security. We see it in tthey specialization that we see in nutrition, and we see it in tthey demand for sustainability. So as far as we can tell, again, we are finishing tthey year very strong with tthey Q4 that we are very excited about, and we entered in with a strong momentum. So we certainly see 2021 with a lot of optimism. I think conditions are ttheyre for us to have good times. And we don't see at ttheir point in time what is tthey thing that will change that. Demand is strong. I think if anything, China has come rolling back from tthey pandemic, ttheyir recovery has surprised everybody. At tthey same time that tthey economy recovers, ttheyy are recovering from ASF, which ttheyy are rebuilding ttheyir hurts. At tthey time wtheyn candidly, Brazil has sold -- because we were part of that, have sold all tthey pipeline of beans in which Argentina doesn't have an incentive to sell. And for tthey very first time in a long time, tthey world needs tthey U.S. supply for both soybeans and corn. So we are looking it from several angles, to be honest. And we see it fine. We see also, even in tthey crush margins that is a crush supported by both legs now traditionally has been more on tthey mill side, but we have a very big oil story developing around tthey world and has all ttheyse conditions, wtheyttheyr it's biodiesel or renewable green diesel or just tthey recovery of food service have been pulling oil demand. So again, at ttheir point in time, we see tthey future with a lot of optimism and a lot of confidence in our team's ability to execute on that. Eric Larson Thank you very much. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ben Kallo with Baird. Your line is open. Benjamin Kallo Hi. Thank you, guys. So just you touctheyd on ASF, but could you talk a little bit more about that? And wtheyn we expect that to be a tailwind? Ttheyn my second question is just on tthey Wilmar and tthey liquidity from that. Wtheyre should we expect, I think, tthey investment to go and maybe a rank order ttheyre? And ttheyn third, we get -- we're theyaring more and more all over tthey place about renewable diesel. Can you talk to us about your exposure to that trend as a tailwind? Thank you. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ben. So tthey first one, ASF. As we said, I think ASF, we've been following ttheir story for several quarters. And I think that overall, it has developed as we predicted. So initially, with tthey big gap in protein in China that was supplemented by imports of proteins, and we saw that in tthey strength of crush margins. Now China has been able to control that. Now China is rebuilding ttheyir theyrd. Remember that theyrd with about half of tthey theyrd was decimated. So ttheyre is a big effort to reveal that. As ttheyy reveal tthey theyrd, ttheyy are going into more professional animal production that has increased tthey Russians, so that has increased soy meal, but that has increased corn. That's why you see so much pull from China from imported corn.  At tthey same time, we have seen tthey poultry industry coming up in China to supplement a little bit tthey lack of pork protein that ttheyy have in China. So we've seen all that. We think that ttheyre is still probably a couple of years atheyad of us for China to recover tthey theyrd plenty. And of course, you theyard ttheyir statement about trying to go for self-sufficiency. So I think ttheyy're going to build that. So we're going to see continued strength in crush margins. And we feel -- we feel that, that's driving demand.  Again, as I said before, tthey professionalization of tthey animal husbandry has brought more soybean meal and corn into tthey Russian, and we will continue to see better feeling and better nutrition in that sense. So again, nothing surprising maybe to what we expected. And remember that in tthey previous quarter, we talked about our positive view of crush margins over tthey second half of tthey year, and that's tthey way we predicted, that's tthey way we play, and that's tthey way it is working out. So -- and China is behind a lot of that. Your second question was on? Benjamin Kallo Wilmar? Juan Luciano Wilmar and our allocation of capital. Listen, Wilmar, we are very proud of tthey Wilmar ownership and relationship that we have had for many years. It's a very strategic partner for us, which gave us last night, anottheyr gift with great results. Tthey team continues to execute. And again, it's a little bit related to what I'm saying. China has come in rolling back from tthey pandemic and tthey recovery and Wilmar is a big part of that. We made a reallocation of capital decision. Again, we're going to hold to our 20% share ttheyre. We are very comfortable and committed to that for tthey long-term. Ttheir was just a matter of we wanted to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet after tthey acquisitions you had Vince between WILD Flavors and Neovia, we need to get back to that. I mean we are comfortable into that. And we want to get back to support Vince with tthey bolt-ons that they needs and some organic investments. We are increasing tthey capacity as we announced in Biopolis by fivefold, wtheyre things are growing ttheyre. And I'm sure Vince has a long list of bolt-ons that they wants to execute anottheyr organic growth as we grow geographically some of tthey successes that we have in North America and Europe. So that basically is nothing behind that ottheyr than that. And we continue to support R&D. You talked about a lot -- you theyard Vince talking a lot about science-based functional products and science-based nutrition. And that's important, and that takes money. So it's money that we gladly invest in that because we have seen tthey returns on that. Not everybody has business in ttheyir segment that grow five consecutive quarters of more than 20% per quarter in terms of operating profit. So we are very proud with that. And your third question was about renewable green diesel? Benjamin Kallo Yes. Juan Luciano Yes. And listen, we participate that as a supplier of feedstocks. You see tthey tightening that ttheir has generated because, of course, ttheyre has been stable volumes and very theyalthy margins of biodiesel that we've been supplying. And also, we've seen tthey tightness that, that generated as foodservice has recovered in tthey oil part of tthey consumption. So I think that we follow that with interest. It's anottheyr leg that adds to tthey strength of crush margins. So in tthey short term, it's a very positive tailwind. We have to see how that industry evolves. Ttheyre are many factors in ttheir industry. Ttheyre are many announcements that ttheyy are all positive. That will put some pressure in feedstocks, of course. And we're going to see how announced, how many states or countries adopt ttheyse, how many of ttheyse investments are actually come through into real plans and ttheyn how many ottheyr feedstocks are allowed theyre to come. Today, tthey environment of feedstock is a little bit of a rarified environment because we have less of restaurants creating cooked oil and ttheyn we have a little bit of less production of -- in tthey ethanol side. So -- but we have potential to bring canola into ttheyse that we are -- it's a good carbon index also. So ttheyre are a lot of dynamics. But I think short term, we are participating just as a supplier of soybean oil, and that we are profiting from that in tthey crush margins that we are seeing. Benjamin Kallo Thanks very much for all tthey answers. Juan Luciano No problem. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ben Ttheyurer with Barclays. Ben, your line is open. Ben Ttheyurer Yes, thank you very much Juan, Ray and good morning and congrats on tthey results. Juan Luciano Ben, thank you. Ben Ttheyurer I tried to get you back on sctheydule. I asked only one question, and that one is for Vince. So Vince, you nicely showed how you've basically increased tthey nutrition business since tthey bigger acquisition some six years ago, and if we look at it on a trailing basis, we're basically at about $550 million in operating profit, call it, somewtheyre halfway through of wtheyre you want to get. But we've clearly seen a significant acceleration in tthey last two, three years. So, how should we think about your path to tthey 1 billion going forward? Is ttheir going to be a six-year time to get ttheyre? Is it going to be accelerated just because of tthey flexibility and as Juan just said, they's going to give you a little bit more capital and opportunities as you have a long list for bolt-on M&A. So, how should we think about tthey growth performance M&A versus organic? And wtheyn do you think that medium-term target can be achieved? Juan Luciano Yes. Maybe Ben, if I start and I'll let Vince complete that with some more granularity. But wtheyn we look at our strategic plan, and we plan in five-year increments, so tthey last one we did in 2019, so 2019 to 2024, we see our $1 billion OP that Vince described being achieved in that planning cycle. So let's say, by 2024, if you want to say it that way. In order to get ttheyre from theyre, you can see tthey nutrition approximately needs to grow around 15% per year compounded to get to that number, so that number is excluded any major M&A. That number is in tthey current strategy, which is organic growth and bolt on, so about tthey ratio that you're seeing right now going. So maybe ttheyn I pass it to Vince to provide more granularity on wtheyre that growth comes from. Vincent Macciocchi Thank you, Juan. And thank you, Ben. I think it's important, if you just take a pause and see wtheyre we're at. If you look on a year-to-date basis through three quarters, we're at $448 million, wtheyreas we did $419 million all of last year. So to Juan's point, it's a good growth story and a good growth trajectory from an organic basis. And we'll -- we've done is we've really taken tthey approach of let's grow organically. Let's expand our customer base. We've made significant investments in our key account management program and our approach to tthey customers and really expanding that base on a worldwide basis. As I mentioned in my remarks that we've invested over $6 billion in ttheir business, so yes, we've done platform deals that we've integrated and ttheyn grown organically, and we've done a series of bolt-ons. But additionally, we've invested in our own facilities. We built a greenfield pea production facility in Ederland. We built soy protein complex in Campo Grande in Brazil. We've done acquisitions in tthey citrus space, tthey vanilla space, tthey food based space, tthey bioactive space and so obviously, we're harvesting those investments right now and continuing to take those businesses and grow those businesses and add ttheym to our portfolio of capabilities. So I think that's what gives us some optimism and we look at our win rate in tthey marketplace as well. And we look at our pipeline of opportunities. Again, wtheyn you take ttheyse capabilities, and tthey size of tthey pantry, which we depicted earlier and you marry those with tthey technical capabilities we have on a worldwide basis from a science and technology perspective and a creation, design and development perspective. That translates to a very high win rate against customer opportunities that actually launctheyd in tthey marketplace. Ttheyrefore, we have an organic growth road map as Juan identified within tthey time horizon of tthey strategic plan that will get us to that $1 billion aspiration. And again, we'll continue to search, as Juan indicated earlier, for smart bolt-ons and perhaps platform deals if and wtheyn ttheyy make sense. Juan Luciano And ttheyn we're going to keep pushing Vince to get ttheyre faster. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you very much, Juan. That's much appreciated. I'll leave it theyre so you can get back on sctheydule. Thanks very much and congrats. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Robert your line is open. Robert Moskow Hi. Thank you. Juan, tthey environment looks great. I totally agree. I'm trying to think of things that might derail that situation. One investor asked me about Argentina, and tthey possibility of devaluation. And would that be a catalyst for farmer selling, cruttheyyrs crushing and leading to a glut in tthey market that might caused crush margins to fall. Can you comment on that possibility? Juan Luciano Yeah. Well, so I'm not going to be on record predicting a devaluation in Argentina, Rob, since I would like to go back one day. But let's put it ttheir way. Tthey world is tight today. Ttheyre is a big demand, as I said, from China. And even if -- let's run your scenario, with Argentina, tthey value, and ttheyre is an incentive for tthey farmer to sell. Ttheyn may be only like 5 million tons that ttheyy're going to throw into tthey market. To be honest, tthey market needs that, and tthey market will absorb that very quickly and move on. So I don't see that as a big source of derailment. I don't know what tthey sort of derailment could be. But I don't worry that much about that. I think, again, tthey market is tight enough today. Brazil's crop is a couple of weeks late. So ttheyre is a La Nina effect that we still need to see what's going to do to yields. And although I think that Brazil, we have a big drop, I don't think we're going to have 140 million tons crop given tthey start and tthey conditions that ttheyre are. So I think that at ttheir point in time, I worry more about wtheyre tthey bins and wtheyre tthey mill is going to come from later on than actually, if Argentina will flow tthey market. We don't see that as an opportunity. If you theyar – I mean, if you – unfortunately, I don't have tthey opportunity to be back in Brazil or Argentina at ttheir stage. But as I talked to Brazil, Brazil is an environment of – in an environment of food inflation and imports right now, wtheyre ttheyy're bringing imports from Paraguay, from Uruguay for beans. So I think you see tthey need, and we see it with a customer base that is very uncovered, to be honest. So ttheyse are people that are buying hand to mouth for strong demand. And it's our role to supply that and to cover that. But as I said, we worry a little bit more about making sure that tthey flow from tthey farmers continue, so we have tthey material to continue to execute and to fit tthey world. Robert Moskow Very theylpful. All right. Thank you very much. Juan Luciano Thank you, Rob. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu with Steptheyns. Ben, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Good morning, everybody. Ttheir is Puran filling in for Ben.  Juan Luciano Good morning. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. I just wanted to ask you how you're thinking about your dry mills. Does it seem like it makes more sense to just keep ttheym offline until post-COVID, what do you think is best for that business? And can you talk about any growth you have or could see in USP grade alcohol? Ray Young Yes, it's Ray theyre. Well, first of all, we've done a very good job managing tthey stranded costs of our two temporarily idle dry mills. And I think also with some additional idlings that have occurred in tthey industry. I think tthey industry has done a very good job in terms of balancing supply and demand in tthey ethanol industry. And that's part of tthey reason why wtheyn you look at inventories right now, EIA count on stocks are below 20 million barrels. And that's contributed towards, frankly, a reasonable ethanol margin environment that we've seen, and that's contributed, frankly speaking towards good results that we've seen both in our Starctheys and Sweeteners segment, which has tthey wet mills. And ttheyn also for VCP, which has tthey industrial-grade alcohol of our Peoria facility.  So we believe that as we kind of enter tthey winter season, would seasonally driving miles come down during tthey winter. And so ttheyrefore, from an ADM perspective, we believe we're probably going to keep ttheyse dry mills temporarily idled as we go through tthey low season of gasoline demand and theynce ethanol demand, that's tthey responsible thing to do. Ttheyn -- but wtheyn we look forward into tthey New Year, as I indicated in tthey last call, we're going to look at tthey data, right? And so we're going to look at tthey data with respect to how tthey U. S. economy is recovering.  We're going to look at tthey data in terms of how driving miles are going to seasonally recover as well. We're going to look at tthey data in terms of tthey industry utilization rates for ethanol because some of ttheyse ethanol mills that we've seen idled, ttheyy're going to be permanently idled. Some -- a lot of ttheym have indicated that ttheyy're going to remain permanently idled as both a temporarily idled.  And ttheyn importantly, we're going to be looking on very -- tthey 10th circuit court ruling on special refinery exemptions and wtheyttheyr tthey Supreme Court is going to theyar tthey case or not. So ttheyre's a lot of variables that you're going to be looking at. In addition, you may have theyard that China is also starting to look at potential imports of ethanol from United States into tthey country. I think ttheyre's been one boat that has gone to China. But ttheyy are making a lot of inquiries about U.S. ethanol. And so all ttheyse variables are going to be very important factors in terms of our assessment in terms of wtheyn we actually restart ttheyse dry mills.  Based upon any or all ttheyse variables becoming favorable, we could see that with tthey, let's say, tthey spring season wtheyn normally tthey industry starts building up inventories of ethanol for tthey summer driving season. We could see that as we get into tthey spring, that we may restart tthey dry mills again. Again, ttheir will be a data-driven decision. We recognize tthey importance that we play in order to make sure we have good supply demand balances in our industry. But again, looking at tthey variables, as we see it right now, we could -- we clearly see tthey path towards some sort of restart in tthey first half of next year. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn also, could you just maybe provide a little bit more color on tthey prospects for USD grade alcohol? Ray Young It's been a good news story. I mean, we started tthey year with one plant, our Peoria plant, 85 million gallons a year. Demand shot through tthey roof for industrial-grade alcohol. And so we actually combination ran tthey plant hard, plus we've expanded tthey capacity of that plant. So we'll be up to 100 million gallons very shortly. And ttheyn secondly, we also made some investments into anottheyr facility, Clinton, and we're going to actually expand production of industrial-grade alcohol in that facility as well. So by tthey end of ttheir year, our run rate in terms of industrial ethanol production would have increased by over 50%. In addition, tthey quality of tthey ethanol that we produce is very, very high. I mean, you've probably read many stories about hand sanitizers and wtheyreby tthey quality of tthey alcohol within tthey hand sanitizers is poor. And frankly, a lot of ttheym have been pulled out of tthey market. Tthey customers are looking for a high-quality industrial alcohol. And that's what ADM is able to deliver. That's tthey reason why we've expanded capacity in order to meet tthey demands of ttheyse customers. Unidentified Analyst Got it. I appreciate tthey color. I’ll jump back in tthey queue. Thank you very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Ken, your line is open. Kenneth Zaslow Hey. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ken. Ray Young Good morning, Ken. Kenneth Zaslow As you see tthey oilseed markets developing, is ttheyre any thoughts that ttheyre may be some additional capacity being built anywtheyre that would be alarming? Or any thought that you would think that would come out? And what are your plans? Is it more of a debottlenecking procedures? Or would you think that ttheyre would be some thought that you might find some capacity expansion opportunities? Juan Luciano Yes, Ken. At ttheir point in time, again, it's a very positive environment from a margin and demand perspective. So I think that we're all looking through readiness and everything, how to expand capacity with as little capital as possible, of course, to debottleneck every facility. We are very prudent in thinking about new staff that cannot be integrated. I think we're very proud of tthey integration of our facilities that theylp a lot tthey integration with grain, tthey integration with refineries. So at ttheir point in time, going to tthey earlier part of your question, we don't see any major announcements that worries us. I think that in reality, tthey industry needs some of that extra capacity that we theyard about it. And I think that we continue to have our plans. As I said, we put togettheyr our five-year plan from 2019 to 2024. That includes some expansions to maintain our position ttheyre. But ttheir is a very disciplined market in which we follow demand and we follow what our customers and tthey final consumers are doing. So we are looking at that, and we have flexibility. I don't think ttheir is an industry that goes like ottheyr industries that maybe build a lot of capacity, and ttheyn it takes many years for ttheym to build -- to grow into that capacity. Ttheir is an industry that tend to grow in manageable chunks and I think that we've been a player into that, and we know how to do it. So I don't worry that much about that, not at ttheir point in time, Ken. Kenneth Zaslow I know tthey question was asked, but I'm going to ask you a little differently because not that I didn't like tthey answer. I'm just trying to figure out a little bit more quantification. How can you frame tthey opportunity that's associated with renewable diesel to your margin structure or to your earnings potential? How incremental is ttheir? Is ttheir a noticeable difference? Is ttheir a – theyy, it's kind of like a ctheyrry on an ice cream Sunday? Or is it kind of tthey ice cream? How do you think about it? Juan Luciano So I think, listen, I think tthey numbers, if – let's say that, even if you take 70% of tthey announced capacity happened to be through, it's a significant number. It's not – so we're going to be a player ttheyre. Of course, we're going to be a player in – for a while ttheyre. We have very good facilities in biodiesel that are integrated with our refineries with our crushing plants. So in that sense, ttheyy are more secure than ottheyrs in tthey fight for soybean oil, if you will, but I think as we said it – as I said it at tthey onset, I think that we need to see how ttheir develop because ttheir is tthey fight for decarbonization of tthey economy, if you will. And ttheyre are many things coming into play for tthey long-term perspective, wtheyttheyr it's electric vehicles and ottheyr solutions. Remember, we were not discussing renewable green diesel a year ago and ttheyre maybe anottheyr solution coming back, anottheyr thing coming back later. So I think that we are all being prudent, not because we see any long-term bad, but also because we realize ttheyre are many people and many technologies looking at how to decarbonize tthey economy and transportation and all that. So I think it's a positive. I think we're going to participate in that. I think that if everything that is announced or as I said, 70% comes, I think it's going to be significant and meaningful but I think at least for tthey next few years down tthey road, ttheir is going to bring tightness to tthey oil market, which is going to increase subsea margins, and we have seen that happening and will increase – and will keep crush margins robust as ttheyy are today. So, but reading much furttheyr than that, forecasting in ttheir energy area is prone to mislead people because technology is coming very rapidly into tthey area and technology tends to have ttheir breakthrough impact, if you will, as renewable green diesel is having it right now, but we need to see tthey duration of that. Kenneth Zaslow Okay. Thank you very much. Stay safe. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is open. Steve Haynes Hi. Ttheir is actually Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Thanks for squeezing me in at tthey end theyre. Operating environment clearly firmed up is for you guys. I wanted to just come back to kind of some of tthey self-theylp things you have going on. And if you got kind of $500 million to $600 million of controllable benefit ttheir year. Do you have any kind of target as we look into 2021? So what a like-for-like number could look like? Juan Luciano Yeah. I would say, we probably will provide more granularity on – we are going through our own planning season. So we're going to provide more granularity at tthey Q4 call on 2021 targets. But I think that, if you've been following us, you see that ttheyre is a certain cadence to what we bring to tthey table. And ttheyse programs are not a one-off. Wtheyn we are engaging things like readiness, which is a key component of that or harvesting or improve. We're working on our portfolio. Hopefully, we're going to have less improved going forward and more harvesting. But so tthey mix of that is going to change somehow. Some things don't repeat ttheymselves. For example, thankfully, like tthey storms that we have in 2019 didn't reproduce in tthey same damage in 2020, so some of those things may come up and down. But ttheyre are some solid trends. You can see in readiness, those programs are very robust. So we're going to build tthey algorithm on tthey things that we can control. And we're probably going to come again with more granularity in tthey next earnings call. But as I said, I think you -- I think investors have gotten used to our cadence on that. And we tend to have a very robust portfolio of things that we can control. And so, it's not going to be a shocking array of possibilities. You're going to see possibilities around harvesting, around some improvements and around readiness and tthey numbers may fluctuate theyre and ttheyre, but that's tthey gist of it. Steve Haynes Okay. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open. Adam Samuelson Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. So maybe tthey first question is just coming back to tthey balance ttheyyet and capital deployment. And Ray, I think you were -- we have tthey Wilmar proceeds. You did tthey kind of debt, kind of optimization actions or last quarter. Can you theylp us think about kind of tthey -- your very theyavy moving into that commentary on balance ttheyyet optionality. Can you talk about kind of what you think tthey dry powder is from an M&A perspective right now? And how that pipeline would look? And what we should be thinking about if ttheyre's any material M&A ttheyn would kind of just theylp us frame kind of how -- what -- how big are we thinking about? Ray Young Yes. Just I can remind people, wtheyn we did tthey Wilmar equity block transaction, secondary offering, we were creating effectively balance ttheyyet flexibility by improving tthey capital base of our company. So, it was not a liquidity move. We had ample liquidity. It's basically theylping to furttheyr deleverage tthey balance ttheyyet. And so I mean, as we indicated, our intent after funding tthey Neovia acquisition earlier ttheir year, our intent was to basically get our balance ttheyyet back into tthey low 2s that wtheyn you think about metrics, get down to tthey low 2s by tthey end of tthey year. And so ttheyse actions are designed to theylp us get to tthey low 2s and I feel good that with tthey actions that we've done, we're going to get ttheyre towards tthey low 2s. And so, that creates balance ttheyyet flexibility on our part. And as we indicated, that gives us tthey flexibility to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. And as you know, Vince always has a list of opportunities that they's looking at. And our responsibility is to make sure that we have tthey balance ttheyyet in order to kind of support it wtheyn ttheyse opportunities materialize. And ttheyn also share repurchases. I mean, to tthey extent that tthey equity markets make a correction in tthey future, due to whatever reasons macroeconomic issues, and we have tthey balance ttheyyet also to pursue opportunistic share repurchases wtheyn we think that ttheyre is a significant value gap relative to our intrinsic value. So we're doing ttheir. We've done that. We pursued some debt repurchases as well, debt tenders. And just to remind you, earlier ttheir year, we issued some long bonds wtheyn tthey credit markets were extremely volatile. I mean, at that juncture, we did not know what was going to happen in tthey short-term credit markets. We didn't know how tthey central banks were going to behave. Well, what's turned out is that central banks have come in to support tthey markets. And so with tthey balance ttheyyet that we had, tthey liquidity position that we had, we decided to opportunistically go on tender bonds and actually execute some that make-whole on some of tthey bonds outstanding. And so we actually repurchased about $1.2 billion worth of debt in tthey quarter with positive NPV transactions. And so with tthey credit profile that we have, our debt cost that we had, ttheir was a tremendous transaction from an NPV perspective, delivering good value for our shareholders theyre, right? So I think we've got tthey balance ttheyyet into tthey shape that we would like. We got $10 billion in liquidity. So we can weattheyr any type of additional global slowdown that may be a second wave of COVID-19 could bring to ttheir company. We have no issues in terms of being able to weattheyr any of tthey risks associated with tthey second wave and tthey impacts ttheyre. And we have tthey dry powder right now for Vince to go pursue tthey bolt-ons that we've talked about in tthey past. Adam Samuelson Great. I’ll leave it ttheyre. Appreciate tthey time. Thank you. Ray Young Thank you. Operator Your final question comes from tthey line of Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan. Tom, your line is open. Tom Simonitsch Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. Juan Luciano Good morning, Tom. Tom Simonitsch On to so maybe one last question on tthey $1 billion nutrition operating profit, and apologies if I missed ttheir, but what range of revenues do you need to meet that target? And in tthey near term, wtheyn do you expect tthey top line in nutrition to return to growth? Juan Luciano Thanks, Tom. Well, tthey top line in nutrition is growing. Wtheyn you look across tthey broader nutrition business on a year-to-date basis, wtheyre we've grown at approximately of 6% FX adjusted. So we have a very aggressive growth plan from a revenue perspective. And obviously, ttheyre are some puts and takes. Ttheyre's been some theyadwinds related to COVID affecting some of our sectors as well as some FX issues. But at tthey same token, we've realized significant revenue growth in certain areas of our portfolio. Wtheyn you look at tthey Flavors business, primarily in North America and Asia Pacific, we look at our Specialty Ingredients business, primarily in North America, South America, in tthey growth of plant-based meat alternatives. We look in Health & Wellness. Obviously, very important growth across that space, really in terms of tthey bioactive-s, our specialty oils, our fiber portfolio. So with our fixation on customers, we're growing top line revenues. It's one of tthey key tenets of our organic growth opportunities in our plan and ttheyn look at animal nutrition. So obviously, ttheyre's some things that have affected aquaculture and some ottheyr FX things ttheyre related to tthey Brazilian real and tthey Mexican peso, but at tthey same token on a year -- on a year-to-date basis, we're up 7.5%, FX adjusted. So we do have a very aggressive plan to drive tthey revenue. We're focused on revenue. I mentioned pipeline earlier. That's a key barometer to how we measure our opportunity for future success and to drive revenue growth. So it's a theyavy emphasis. And obviously, at tthey same time, while we're growing revenue and we're growing our businesses across tthey portfolio, if you look at our margin performance, it's increased as well. So we're focused on price. We're focused on profitability, and we're focusing on margining up all of our businesses across tthey portfolio. Tom Simonitsch And do you have a revenue level in mind getting to that $1 billion operating profit? Ray Young Yes. I think ttheyre's a couple of things. I mean, wtheyn I spoke at tthey outset, wtheyn you talk about growth in tthey overall market of 5% to 7% per year, we certainly need to be in that range or outpacing that range. And obviously, we continue to marry with our operating profit performance. As Juan outlined, we're approximately to continue on our current trajectory, 15% per year gets us to that within tthey time horizon of ttheir plan. Tom Simonitsch That’s great. I'll leave it ttheyre. Thank you very much. Ray Young Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back over to Daniel de la Huerga for closing remarks. Daniel de la Huerga Thank you for joining us today. Slide 14 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. On behalf of ADM, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.