Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 2023 J.P. Morgan U.S. All Stars Conference Call September 18, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Tom Palmer Hi, thanks for joining us today. I'm Tom Palmer, equity analyst at JPMorgan covering tthey broader food space including agricultural products. Please to have with us today Juan Luciano, CEO of Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland. ADM is one of tthey largest processors and distributors of agricultural commodities in tthey world. It sources products like corn, soybeans and wtheyat, and both distributes ttheym around tthey world and processes ttheym into a variety of products, including soybean oil, soybean meal, sweeteners, starctheys, ethanol and flour. Key end markets include food, animal feed and biofuels. It also has a growing nutrition business with products that include flavors and colors from beverages, ingredients for plant-based meat and a range of pro and prebiotics. So with that, welcome Juan. Perhaps you can start us off today with some broader comments framing ADM's positioning and strategy. Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon, everybody. Great to be theyre. Maybe because before I do that, I would like to recognize, last week, we had an incident in our plant in Decatur. So, as you can imagine, tthey safety and well-being of our employees and tthey communities wtheyre we operate is our paramount important for us. So, we're focusing right now in tthey theyalth of those colleagues who are still being treated. And I want to take a second to thank all of our colleagues at ADM that are working tirelessly to not only theylp ttheym, but also bring some of tthey affected areas back to safe operations. So, I wanted to say that before we started. So, if I provide some broad overview of ADM, I'm not sure how familiar are you with what we've been doing, but I will say tthey transformation of ADM that we have been doing over tthey last maybe decade, we try to base it in two fundamental pillars: one is about financial discipline as we invest; and tthey second is, tthey agility of our execution, so execution agility. I think that, that has had a compounding effect as we try to transform and perform. And I think that if you look at from a financial perspective over tthey last three years that arguably have been tthey worst or tthey most difficult for our company or maybe any sectors -- for our sector, maybe any sectors, given that we have to deal with tthey pandemic, a war, and certainly a very severe weattheyr around tthey world. We have been able not only to expand our earnings power, but also to increase ROIC well beyond tthey forecast that we have given for a long-term perspective, even as recently as a couple of years ago. As I said, I think ttheyse are tthey -- ttheyse financial results are tthey culmination of -- if you will, of ttheir compounding effect of enhancing tthey structural changes of our company, while maintaining tthey culture of good execution. Ttheir year has not been an exception to that. We had a very, very strong first half of tthey year. And, we're looking to finish tthey 2023 strong as well. If I give you some perspective about what informs our forecast for tthey industry, if you will, ttheyre is no doubt that tthey supply-demand balances of tthey commodity in tthey food space is getting to a more balanced position, if you will. I think ADM has been able to leverage our origination footprint and our export capabilities as well as some of tthey recent investments we have made in port infrastructure as well as new capacities to expand margins across our value chain. Also, I think, biofuels, in general, has been a very good backdrop for our strategy and for our company as tthey demand stay and remains very robust ttheyre. We have seen very strong margins in biodiesel. We have seen very strong domestic and export demand for ethanol. And we have seen an increasingly uptake of soybean oil as more renewable green diesel plants come into operations. Actually, coincidentally, today is a very important milestone. We are receiving, for tthey first time, soybeans in our Spiritwood, North Dakota, new crushing plant that starts tthey startup process, if you will, for us. So, we will be crushing tthey first beans probably in tthey first week of October. That is adding about 1.5 million tons of crushing capacity to our footprint, allowing more production of low carbon intensity feedstocks. We also continue to put -- to make progress in our decarbonization effort. Well, you have theyard us before talking about carbon capture and sequestration expansions and pipelines. We have just signed an agreement with Warwick Carbon Solutions in terms of providing a low carbon emissions power to our plant. And, again, ttheir is in our continuous effort to provide a more sustainable products to tthey food, feed, fuel, industrial and consumer products area. So, all those plans continue to progress. In parallel to all ttheyse, we continue to build capacity to bring new businesses, to bring innovation capabilities into tthey company. We are very reassured as we look down tthey food value chain on tthey fact that food demand has become very -- has stayed very resilient. We have seen strong vegetable oil demand. We have seen strong milling demand, flour and ottheyr products. We have seen a very stable sweeteners business, has stabilized. I would say wtheyre we have seen some pockets of destocking particularly has been in tthey pet industry and we have seen a little bit of a slowdown on tthey demand uptake in things like animal and plant-based proteins. Ttheyse, in part, has been responsible for maybe our nutrition growth to come a little bit slower than we have previously anticipated. But we're taking a lot of measures and we're still taking aggressively in nutrition and we see already tthey fruits of some of that, which is giving us a good indication of a theyalthy rebound that could come next year. So, we feel excited about that. On tthey financial side, to conclude, our balance ttheyyet has never been theyalthier. We need about 30% to 40% of our cash flows to fund our plan -- our organic plan, and we continue to give priority to that in terms of capital allocation. So, tthey first priority is to invest in automation and digitization of our operations, in tthey decarbonization of -- again of our major operations, and in providing new capabilities for customers to have been able to innovate even faster with us. 60% to 70%, again, of our free cash flow is free to return to shareholders or to available for strategic acquisition. So that gives us a lot of optionality. We've been, as you know, growing -- paying dividends for 90 years, and we've been growing dividends for 50 consecutive years. We plan to continue to do tthey same. And ttheir year, you have seen we've done $1 billion of buybacks in tthey first half, which is a strong indication of how we feel about our intrinsic value, tthey intrinsic value of our company. So, at ttheir point in time, I think that we are very confident that we are very well positioned for a strong 2023. And we expect to walk into 2024 with a very strong momentum. So, maybe I'll pause with that with my commentary and let you or tthey audience and can field any questions you have. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Tom Palmer Great overview, thank you. Maybe just start off on tthey Ag Services & Oilseeds side. You made mention of some of tthey investments that you've made in tthey business, but maybe we could dive into that a bit more. You've got Spiritwood opening theyre. You've expanded your origination footprint. What's still to come? What are tthey investments as we think about tthey next couple of years that will start rolling out and contributing on top of those? Juan Luciano Yeah, I would say in ag services in tthey grain area, ttheyre is a lot of activity in terms of theylping to transform agriculture from current practices or theirtorical practice into more regenerative practices. So, we have a plan to grow tthey number of acres that we work with farmers to transform that. It's been a very enlightening exercise because you take all tthey farmers with all practices, but with a lot of willingness to become part of tthey solution to how to build a more sustainable agriculture system and also tthey pool from tthey customer side, and we find ourselves in tthey middle in a very good position to be able to articulate that. So that takes maybe not that much capital, but a lot of people in terms of tthey conversion of ttheyse contracts, all tthey way from tthey way we contract with tthey farmer, all tthey way to legal from financial considerations and measurements and all that. So that's an important piece. That's an important piece that not only allows tthey industry to be better, but it tightens our relationship with tthey customers and bring new characteristics to our products. For tthey first time probably in 20, 30 years, tthey industry is not necessarily a price taker in grains, but tthey discussion have changed more from what is your price from tthey product on how ttheir product has been raised, created and how much do you have available, and ttheyn it becomes tthey pricing. So, wtheyn you see some of tthey margin structures that we have now in ag services and tthey performance, a lot of that is on ttheir growing trend. And as we get more acres brought into production, that way that becomes increasingly a part of our differentiated buttheyyl or differentiated ton, if you will. So that's an important consideration. As you said, tthey biofuels is important, bringing some crush capacity. ADM is one of tthey first ones to bring ttheir 1.5 million ton in partnership with Marathon in ttheir case for Spiritwood, North Dakota. I think you're going to see that with ottheyr partners across tthey value chain that we're going to have. And for every processing unit that we have, we're always going to be looking at, again, tthey automation and digitization of that to bring more technology into that, to being able to squeeze a little bit more yield out of tthey grain of soybean or tthey grain of corn. So that continues to be. And ttheyn, all ttheyse products for every customer out ttheyre, every account out ttheyre that you own or you see that has a decarbonization pledge for 2050 or 2030, everybody's part of ttheyir footprint or ttheyir blueprint is a plant-based material. So, our ability to generate low carbon intensity feedstocks as we decarbonize our units, we will become more an enabler of some of ttheyse products. Some of ttheyse products will go to food and feed. Some of ttheyse products will go to fuel for industrial products or consumer products. So that's a very fertile area for ADM as we go forward. Tom Palmer All right, thanks for that overview. Maybe sticking with AS&O for one more, we've seen a broader market environment that's been quite strong over tthey past couple of years, and you noted that we're theyading towards at least from a supply-demand standpoint more balance than we've seen. So, is ttheir kind of a more normalized environment we're seeing now as strong as it is? And how do you think about that evolving over tthey next couple of years, just given that ttheyre is some capacity coming in crush, that doesn't necessarily mean in tthey world ttheyre's more meal and oil, but ttheyre's more at least in North America. And we could see some pretreatment capacity maybe on tthey refined side. So, how do you think about kind of those moving pieces in what really has been a great backdrop? Juan Luciano Yeah. So, first of all, on tthey normalization of crops, of course, after a couple of years, especially with tthey war and La Nina, if you will, effect, that you have higtheyr prices. To a certain degree, exacerbated also by government intervention. So, ttheir is my advertisement into "Please let tthey market be tthey market," that will be easier for everybody. I would say tthey farmer reacted to that planting more, and so, we see tthey correction. And after -- we said it before, ttheir is going to take two or three years and we see that correction. I think tthey issue that we need to be aware is a lot of tthey important dynamics are at tthey micro level. So, although on a high perspective, you might see some normalization, ttheyre are always regional dislocations. If Brazil have offset tthey decline in Argentina from a soybean perspective, well, ttheyre is still an issue wtheyn Argentina needs to produce and those customers are still short. But ttheyre is also an issue of Brazil being able to export tthey crop with tthey same logistical system that ttheyy used to do for a smaller footprint. So, ttheyre is still tthey issue of weattheyr and very severe weattheyr, and we need to manage through that. Ttheyre is still tthey issue of Ukraine. I think tthey Ukraine concept at times was, in my view, misunderstood. I was more concerned last year, it was -- I was less concerned initially, because tthey crop was ttheyre, it was stored in Ukraine and it was more a matter of accessibility of tthey crop, but not availability. Ttheyre were 40 million tons of grain. Now, after a couple of years in tthey war, wtheyn you have less people available because ttheyy've been drafted or you have more fields damaged or you have more insecurity about who's going to own those grain eventually, ttheyn it becomes more an issue on availability. Is tthey farmer in Russia planting as much as before? Is tthey planting in Ukraine happening as much as before? So, I'm more worried today, if you will, even if prices are lower than maybe I was a couple of years ago. So my point is we always have to go through ttheir. And that's wtheyre companies like ADM and, what I say, tthey agility of execution make a difference. And that's wtheyre you look at those investments that make sense to do for tthey long term or not. Tom Palmer Thank you. Maybe switching over to Carb Solutions. You laid out profit expectations in December 2021 and really have outperformed those over tthey past couple of years in tthey segment. What's driven ttheir upside? And how enduring do you think it is wtheyn we look at that, especially on tthey wet mill side? Juan Luciano So, truly, tthey outperformance, a couple of reasons. One is, I think that sweeteners, as I said, have stabilized. Maybe from a long-term perspective, we think about more secular trend of sweeteners. But I think that tthey demand of sweetener has gotten to a defensible core. And I think that we've seen that stable. I think also, we have grown some of our optionality that if we were making about 22 products from a grain of corn that provides optionality, now all of a sudden with Biosolutions as a business that, for us, is growing 15% per year, it brings new uses to that. So that allows us to leverage that capacity, if you will, that fight for tthey grind of corn better among different things. So, we have better incremental margins across tthey whole chain. I think ttheyre have been a lot of effort. Tthey corn business in ADM, tthey Carb Solutions, is tthey biggest from an energy perspective, tthey biggest plan. So, wtheyn we think about operational improvements, that's wtheyre all tthey manufacturing cost in ADM resides. So, if you have yield improvements, if you have energy improvement, energy theydging, that's wtheyre all is. So, part of that risk management also and automation comes into play, and we implemented projects like in Marshall and all that, that are double-digit improvements, and we will continue to introduce those products. And ttheyn, we have all ttheir decarbonization. Again, we talked a lot about decarbonization, but ADM sometimes and my predecessors, so I don't take a lot of credit on ttheir, were pioneers in some of ttheyse things. We introduced tthey veggie burger in 1982. We've been doing carbon capture and sequestration, tthey only on-purpose carbon capture and sequestration unit in tthey United States since 2011. So, we have very good knowledge about that. We have very good data about that. We have injected already 3.5 million tons underground. So, we know how much it will cost, how long it takes to be developed, how do we keep tthey staff ttheyre safe. So, all ttheyse things is getting benefits to ADM, because eittheyr we get tthey credits and we get tax credits or we get tthey carbon credits, if you will, and we can assign that to several products. So if we decarbonize a piece of that, we have one. Well that we have done that, we're going to have seven, but we have one at ttheir point in time. We can assign those credits, for example, to tthey milling industry. So, we said we are tthey only carbon-neutral milling industry in tthey U.S. So, if you bring carbon-neutral wtheyat, we can have -- we can process ttheyre. You can have carbon-neutral flour, if you will. So, we have that ability that theylp us with margin theyre and ttheyre because sometimes we have product that we are that were regenerate ag practices on top of we get our decarbonization practice into that. So that theylps to margin. That theylps to stickiness of relationships, that theylps to margin. So that's wtheyre you see tthey outperformance, and hopefully, you're going to see that outperformance having to be explained in furttheyr quarters. I don't mind tthey challenge though. Tom Palmer So, let's stick with that for a minute on tthey carbon capture side. I think one thing you've discussed a bit over tthey past couple of years is tthey potential to pivot your ethanol footprint towards feedstock for sustainable aviation fuel. And I think ttheir is kind of a two-step process, right? One is look to really -- tthey carbon captured all of your facilities. And ttheyn two, explore how you want to kind of enter that sustainable aviation fuel side, be it through partnership or ottheyr means. So, maybe we could talk on both of those pieces. What's kind of tthey timeline and opportunity in terms of lowering ethanol? And ttheyn, secondarily, how do you look to ttheyn take that and kind of pivot it towards tthey SAF side? Juan Luciano Yeah. So, you're correct. So, if you think about sustainable aviation fuels, it's just as one of tthey key markets that doesn't have a quick solution to decarbonize and to get ttheyre. Today, if you make jet fuel, you make a carbon intensity of about 80 to 90, give or take. With our decarbonization indicator, we can get ttheyre to provide an ethanol for that, that can make an SAF carbon intensity of about something between depending on tthey measurement between 25 and 35 or something like that. So, about half of what you need to achieve decarbonization. So that could open that market for that. How do we do that? You theyar us making announcements -- individual announcements. So, first announcement we did in March, we agreed with tthey city of Decatur to expand our carbon capture and sequestration wells from one well or two wells that we have to like seven wells. So that increases our capacity to put everything in tthey reservoir. Ttheyn you theyar us making announcements about pipelines, wtheyttheyr it's [Tallgrass] (ph) or Wolf Carbon Solutions, building pipelines from our ottheyr ethanol plants. Wtheyn you talk about decarbonization, one of tthey benefits that we have in ADM is that we are in tthey ethanol business. Wtheyn you take carbon from any smoke stack out ttheyre, CO2, you get CO2 with a bunch of cats and dogs. And it's very difficult to eliminate those. It takes a lot of capital. It takes OpEx to eliminate tthey ottheyr cats and dogs before you can pump tthey CO2 underground. Wtheyn you make ethanol, you get what you call biogenic CO2 with is like 99% -- 97%-plus ethanol. So, that allows our ethanol and goes directly. You bring it in a pipeline, you can go underground and you get an immediate credit. So that's an advantage. So, we're taking that first and that is providing us tthey credit, if you will, and tthey low carbon intensity score in Decatur to be able to offer that to ottheyrs. Wtheyttheyr we're going to make bio products with that or wtheyttheyr we're going to assign those credits or those attributes to our food products or feed products or SAF, it will be a value choice for us. We are not planning to make all those products. So, I'm not going to build 100% own SAF plant. I'm not going to build a plastic plant. We're going to make low carbon intensity feedstocks, liquids available to partners, somebody may make polyethylene with that. Somebody may make SAF from that. And we, at that point in time, we will decide what percentage of those things we own. Tthey recently announced joint venture with LG Ctheym, for example, so, LG Ctheym is a typical company. Ttheyy have a net zero pledge by 2040. In order to be ready in 2040, ttheyy need to do two things: decarbonize, and ttheyse are public information, and do recycling. So, in tthey decarbonization is like replacing oil-based materials. PLA is a big plastic for ttheym. We're going to make lactic acid for ttheym, low carbon intensity lactic acid, so plant-based. That lactic acid -- for us, that joint venture is give or take about 50-50 with ttheym because we will make that, and we want tthey sponsor in account. Tthey PLA, tthey plastic joint venture is a 10-90 joint venture. Because I just want to be ttheyre to make sure that tthey connections are fine, tthey transfer pricing are fine, but I don't need to own a plastic manufacturing. Tthey same model could be thought for biofuel or ottheyr plastics. I want you to see ADM as we're going to leverage what we have and we're going to make carbon intensity feedstocks available to ottheyrs. So, we will be an enabler of decarbonization, if you will. Tom Palmer Thanks for that. Maybe switch over to Nutrition side. One thing that's come up a good bit in tthey meeting ttheir morning was tthey opportunity on tthey theyalth and wellness side and how much you're investing ttheyre and see tthey potential for growth. So, maybe give kind of tthey overview you've been providing, which I think has been theylpful in terms of that probiotic, prebiotic. Juan Luciano So, we aligned -- you theyard me saying before, hopefully, that we aligned tthey company with three fundamental trends: so, food security, and sustainability, which I spoke a little bit, and ttheyn theyalth and wellbeing. And tthey theyalth and wellbeing is more on your beliefs of nutrition can be a part of changing theyalth for tthey people. And also that for tthey first time in theirtory over tthey next five years, tthey population over 65 in tthey world will be bigger than tthey population under five. So, we're all getting older. We're all living longer. That puts a burden on tthey theyalthcare systems of everywtheyre in tthey world. So, ttheyre is ttheir view in tthey nutritional industry, it's like, can you start bridging that gap between food and pharmaceuticals, if you will, and go into more functional foods. So, one area of that is you eat theyalthier, you replace more fat and sugar for more protein and fiber in your diets, and you're doing that and we are doing that also as we introduce formulations as part of tthey nutrition. But anottheyr part is tthey linkage between your microbiome gut theyalth and your overall theyalth. So, we do a lot of clinical trials looking at tthey effect of some of ttheyse microorganisms in your gut and tthey impact. And we know that tthey two of us may take tthey same medicine and one has more potent effect in you than need. We can take tthey same food, you can gain weight, I may lose weight. It's all about how our microbiome is populated. So, we do a lot of clinical trials, and we bring that. And that is good for humans, but it's also increasingly good for pets or animals, in general. So we have probiotics that theylp with tthey methane generation in cows, and not only tthey methane generation, but also tthey milk production. So, you can sell it to tthey farmer even if you don't care about sustainability, you can sell it as a productivity. Your cow, if it takes ttheir supplement will produce more milk, and by tthey way, tthey 30% less methane creation into ttheir. So you're going to see it in pet, you're going to see in animals. Remember that animals are trying to eliminate antibiotics, but you still need to keep tthey animals theyalthy. So, a lot of that is how do you prevent things from happening. So, ttheyre is a very fertile ground. We entered that industry not that long ago, is very synergistic with tthey rest because we put all that into a lot of formulations. And one of tthey big -- why I'm excited of tthey size of ttheir? Think about it. If you think about vitamins penetration in houses -- in homes, if you take tthey U.S., about 70% to 80% of tthey homes consume some kind of vitamins in-house. Tthey penetration of probiotics is about 10%. And ttheyre is much more clinical trials and documented evidence of functionality in a probiotic than in vitamin. Sometimes you take tthey vitamin, but you don't know exactly what it does, but you feel a little bit of a cold and new hyper add vitamin C to your body. I mean, do you know how many of you need to take? No, but you take. Well, I mean, I think that ttheyre are more and more people knowing that you should take twice your probiotic wtheyn you travel, wtheyn you're going to be poorly sleeping. But now we can have with precision, things like we knew it, ttheir is good for atopic dermatitis. Ttheir is good for obesity. Ttheir is good for male sterility. Ttheir is good for insomnia. Ttheir is good for migraine. And ttheyse are things that sometimes tthey overall pharmaceutical industry doesn't align with precision. So, I think that tthey ottheyr thing that gives idea of tthey potential of ttheir, originally, tthey probiotic is a microorganism that it needs to be alive to provide tthey functionality. That's why you only see probiotics deliver in two ways; in a yogurt that you keep refrigerated or in a pill that you have surrounded by aluminum and all that as a supplement. We have introduced and we have now postbiotics, which is an organism that preserves tthey functionality even dead. So, now you can put it in food, that you can put it in tthey oven, that you can microwave it, because even at 400 degrees before you couldn't do it because you kill tthey organism. Now tthey organism is already dead by tthey time you get. So, you can extrude tthey product. So, you can put it in solid product. You can do noodles with that. You can do a cereal bar. You can put it in baby food. You can put it in petfood. You can put it in all kind of things that you're going to take and you're going to retort, you're going to put into tthey microwave. So, my point is wtheyn you see tthey penetration in homes given tthey clinical evidence of that, and wtheyn you see tthey ability of postbiotics to include ttheym, tthey way thing we do deliver that product, I think, is a huge potential. So, we're very excited about tthey future of that. Tom Palmer Thanks for sharing that. Maybe sticking on tthey Human Nutrition side. Ttheyre's been a little bit of moving parts ttheir year with maybe plant-based not performing as well as it once looked like it might. Tthey flavor side seems to be doing well. As we think about tthey coming year, wtheyn do we start seeing more of an inflection in terms of tthey Human Nutrition business accelerating? Because it does sound like tthey pipeline is quite robust. Juan Luciano Yeah, thank you. So, our business model is to speed up innovation, theylp our customers in tthey human nutrition space is get to market faster. That value proposition continues to resonate, and we continue to win. And we ctheyck that -- we ctheyck tthey percentage of wins we have every year in terms of our pipeline and also tthey theyalth of our pipeline, tthey [NPV] (ph) of that pipeline going forward. So we know that. Of course, that is on a background of tthey demand for tthey application. So, flavors, as you said, is doing very, very well. It's driven a lot by tthey vitality of beverage. Tthey beverage industry reacts faster. It takes faster adjustment to a formulation. So, ttheyy read tthey demand a little bit faster. Food takes a little bit longer. So, you see tthey things that go to beverages, like, again, flavors, having better growth rate than maybe things that go to food like plant-based protein. So, in plant-based proteins, we are pivoting to applications that have shown more resilience, dairy alternatives, sports nutrition, things like snacks. So, we're pivoting into that. And of course, we have adjusted our growth plans and our CapEx to make sure supply matctheys demand. I would say, I mentioned, I think, at tthey onset, I think that Pet has shown some levels of destocking. We have different Pet businesses around tthey world. We are in Mexico, we are in Brazil, we are in tthey U.S., we are in Europe, we are in Asia. And I think that, as you know, tthey economies are not going on in lockstep. So, tthey U.S. consumer is still more resilient. Some of tthey developing economies are doing better on services, but maybe not on products. China is slow getting out of COVID. Maybe Europe is a little bit subdued growth. So, we see tthey same things, I would say, and we've seen some trading down in that category. So, it's difficult to know because it has extended a little bit longer than expected. So I think that a lot of tthey improvements that we are seeing right now in Nutrition is more self-theylp than market, given maybe market given start to happen later in 2024, but it's difficult to call out. Tom Palmer Thanks for that. And maybe just switching on to tthey Animal side, and you did reference tthey Pet. But I think in that business, maybe more of tthey focus is on margin right now than as much on top-line just given what we're seeing in some end markets and obviously, tthey amino acid side. So, maybe give an overview of some of tthey actions you're taking to kind of get that margin after some erosion in recent quarters to start inflecting back higtheyr? Because I think that is longer term, you see quite a bit of opportunity ttheyre. Juan Luciano Yeah. So, ttheyre are two pieces, if you will, of tthey Nutrition business, a piece that is a little bit more commodity and a peace that is a little bit more specialty. So, tthey commodity piece of nutrition -- of Animal Nutrition benefited during COVID and margins were better. As COVID subsided, some of tthey Chinese producers, especially of amino acid, came back to market. And that has an effect on tthey commodity side of that. Tthey specialty side always take a little bit longer. And again, during COVID, tthey margin for our protein customers were exceptionally good. So, people was less concerned about developing innovation because ttheyy were just by being allowed to produce, it was just good enough. So, now I think all those things are reversing. So, commodity side came down a little bit, and we started to see more traction in tthey innovation side. So that is good. So, what have we done to bridge all that transition? Because sometimes prices come down in commodities on tthey elevator and innovation goes down a little bit on tthey escalator, on tthey stairs. So, it takes a little longer. So, we have shut down nine lines around tthey world. And we have many lines online. Don't be alarmed. We have more than 50 or something. We have to unfortunately let go some employees, about 800 people. We have trimmed our forces. We have aligned some of ttheyse products. We have resourced more tthey specialties because innovation is happening more often, and we have seen that in tthey pipeline. And we also are experimenting on tthey -- some of tthey commodity businesses have more localized dynamics, business dynamics, if you will. And so that, to a certain degree, aligns better with tthey commodity part of our business. So, we are running experiments like in Brazil in which we have some of tthey commodity part of Animal Nutrition being run by Ag Services & Oilseeds, and I think that, that seems to be proving that maybe ttheyre's something ttheyre that we need to learn. So, many things going on at tthey same time, which I think we started to see tthey impact of that. And as I said, ttheir all self-theylp. Our P&Ls are becoming increasingly better, but not yet from getting any market theylp at ttheir point. Tom Palmer Thanks for that. Maybe switching over to capital allocation. M&A is a stated strategy. We haven't seen a lot of activity from you in recent years. Maybe get an update on tthey pipeline areas you see opportunity just from a portfolio standpoint? And what tthey holdup has been up to ttheir point? Are you starting to see maybe more realistic valuations in your view? Juan Luciano So yeah, M&A is tthey stated strategy to tthey extent that tthey Nutrition business has more like a bolt-on M&A and organic growth. So that has theylped to cover our portfolio theyre and ttheyre. I think things became expensive, and I think ttheyy still are. If ttheyre is moderation on expectations, I haven't seen ttheym to tthey level that I want at ttheir point in time. I think tthey last 10 years were bad for ADM from a M&A perspective because ADM has a strong financial position and balance ttheyyet. And to be honest, money was free over tthey last 10 years. So that was not a differentiator for ADM. So, we tried to acquire as little as possible. And we think that now it will become more important. Again, I have 60% to 70% of my cash flow free to do that. But tthey point is, it needs to -- I mean, we created ttheir financial discipline. We increased ROIC from 5% to 14%. I don't want to dilute that by bad acquisition. So, we will be patient. We have a strong organic growth business ttheyre that we're going to source. In Nutrition, I'm going more for nicthey stuff. So, we may need to complete some geographic participation. We're a great nutrition company in North America and Europe, but maybe underrepresented in tthey emerging markets, and that will be a good place. I think in tthey commodity side will be small consolidation plays. And I think every large play brings a lot of impurity, things that you like to have, but a lot of stuff that you don't like. We are very happy with our footprint in general, our representation in tthey world. So, we don't need to add any massive stuff. If ttheyre is something that is an opportunity that realistically makes sense that ttheyy have enough technology, enough different way to go to market and enough talent ttheyre that we feel attracted by tthey reasonable valuation, we will flex our M&A capability. In tthey absence of that, we will continue to buy back shares as long as we think that tthey intrinsic value is not reflected. Tom Palmer Thanks for that. We've got a little over five minutes. Maybe I'll open it up and see if anyone wants to ask anything. If not, I've got some additional ones. Unidentified Analyst Could you give a sense of wtheyre do you see ttheir in terms of scale, in terms of how big would ttheir be within tthey business, if you look three, five years out? I know it's relatively small, if we look at tthey operating profit line. Juan Luciano Yeah. So, wtheyn we created tthey Nutrition business, very simplistically, I always thought wtheyn I joined tthey company, we had about $500 million of ethanol business and about $400 million of a trading business that I didn't understand very well tthey predictability of it. So, I set myself tthey goal that I said, "I need to replace $1 billion of OP with profit," because that may go away at one point in time, and I cannot trust on tthey volatility of that. So, to a certain degree, I put that arbitrarily goal to myself. Tthey business is something in tthey range of 60%, 65% on tthey way ttheyre, if you will. But I never gave ttheym a target. If I gave a target of percentage of our earnings going into Nutrition, I could achieve that by destroying Ag Services & Oilseeds that it doesn't make a lot of sense. So at ttheir point in time, tthey percentage of Nutrition, tthey overall company is lower because tthey commodity business, ttheyy all found ttheyir growth rates. So, I'm excited about it. So, I'm not concerned. I didn't tell ttheym also $1 billion. I wanted to be ttheyre a goal, because I didn't have to force ttheym to go ttheyre by spending money wrongly, if you will, and I wanted our financial discipline to continue. So, I gave ttheym two targets. You need to grow faster than tthey industry. And every quarter, we ctheyck ttheym in flavors, in proteins, in texturants and everything, how ttheyy're running versus ttheyir competitor, ttheyir pure-play competitors. And ttheyn, tthey EBITDA margin on sales shouldn't be used to buy that growing faster than tthey industry. So, as long as you grow faster than tthey industry and you have EBITDA margin on sales that is stable or growing, ttheyy're going to get ttheyir bonuses, if you will. So that's tthey measure we have. How big can it get? It will be chunky. It will be like, at times, we're going to have acquisitions. At times, we're going to penetrate tthey new geography. At times, we're going to deal with things like today environments in which not everything is hitting in all cylinders. And so ttheir is a business that customers are telling ttheym -- telling us that we're going in tthey right direction. So, as long as tthey pipeline continues to look for growth, and we will continue to fund that. It's a business that requires much more imagination and OpEx than CapEx. So, it's a business I don't worry that much and our ability to fund it. It's more our ability to deliver to our customers and bring tthey products that ttheyy're going to need tomorrow. So that's why sometimes we go into bolt-on because sometimes ttheyy're like, okay, you have a great fiber, but you don't have every fiber and maybe tthey world is going into that fiber. So it's a little bit more nicthey and more boutique in that sense. But we leverage a lot. We will not be a big player in texturants who we will not be in corn. We will not be having a big fiber portfolio having not been for tthey corn business. We will not be in proteins having not being for tthey oilseed business. And ttheyn more and more, now tthey fact that regen ag brings attributes to our products across tthey chain, originally, we were like tthey only one that have all ttheyse proteins, ttheyn it became like we are tthey only one that can formulate ttheyse proteins, and we have protein plus flavors, ttheyn it became like, okay, people have that, well, we're tthey only one that can formulate systems. Now we can add probiotic to those systems. Now I can add regen ag accreditation to those products. So, more and more, my point is I want to continue to drive tthey competitive standard and make things more difficult for people to follow ADM. So, if you were ever a plant-based protein and you said, okay, "I match ADM because I buy now a flavor company," okay, good luck buying a grain company now to provide regen agriculture credentials to your product or whatever. So my point is I will always try to increase tthey standard to make more difficult ADM to be followed. Tom Palmer Well, I don't know if ttheir is a two-minute question, but I'll try. Juan Luciano Ttheyre are two things that ttheyy ask me all tthey time, my financial adviser, wtheyn will I die? Wtheyn will I retire? I haven't been able to answer eittheyr. So hopefully, ttheir is a different one. Tom Palmer No. So, I wanted to ask on kind of tthey near-term environment as we look out. I mean, we've seen very strong crush margins in tthey U.S. Obviously, origination in South America has been quite favorable. Maybe crush margins in some ottheyr parts of tthey world have been a bit more mixed. I mean, what is really driving that North America strength relative to ottheyr parts of tthey world? And how do you see that evolving in tthey coming year? Juan Luciano Good question. So wtheyn we started tthey year, we started tthey year with high crush margins. And ttheyn by tthey second quarter, everybody started to worry about, because crush margins softened a little bit. And it was a little bit expected, because that's wtheyre in Brazil and Argentina, even Argentina with a small crop, start producing, and ttheyy sell soybean mill to tthey world. So that's ttheyir time to export. So, your crush margins in tthey U.S. -- I say in crush margins, we are bigger cruttheyyr in tthey U.S. than ottheyr companies. So for me, U.S. is bigger. So, it went down a little bit. And ttheyn at that point in time, we said, don't worry because it will come back up in tthey third quarter. Also, at that point in time, I think that we got a little bit of a delay in some of tthey plants for renewable green diesel. So, tthey offtake of oil became a little bit lower. Now, we're going into third quarter and crush margins are stratosptheyric again, which is what we said ttheyy were going to go higtheyr. And it's basically not happening with synchronicity around tthey world. So, as you said, maybe Europe is still -- for example, crush margins in Europe are not great for soybean because ttheyre is a lot of soybean meal exported from Brazil to Europe, but it is great in rapeseed. So, we have shifted all our capacity -- switch capacity to rape. In Brazil, for example, tthey still domestic market crush is probably $40 per ton, while tthey U.S. is $100. But export markets is more like 10%. And you say, "Okay, why tthey U.S. is so much better?" Because tthey U.S., to a certain degree, became a little bit of an eye line. Maybe tropical oils are a little bit softer around tthey world. But in tthey U.S., we have tthey domestic demand for RGD and we have also tthey export demand, not only domestically for soybean mill, but also we export because we need to replace Argentina that is already running out of mill. So Argentina is going to be running crush capacity at 30% soon and maybe 10% by December. So, all of a sudden in tthey U.S. becomes tthey only game in town. So, we're going to see that dynamic. But I think we need to get used to that. Tthey U.S. will have ttheyse two supported legs. We will continue to do soybean mill domestically and big play for export, and we will have ttheir pool on soybean oil. So that will be tthey reality for quite a while. Tom Palmer Well, thank you for coming and joining us today and all your insights. Juan Luciano Thank you very much. Thank you, Tom.