Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants William de la Huerga - Vice President, Investor Relations Juan Luciano - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Ray Young - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Tom Simonitsch - JPMorgan Luke Wattheyyr - Bank of America Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Eric Larson - Seaport Global Securities Operator Good morning. And welcome to tthey ADM First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, William de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. De la Huerga, you may begin. William de la Huerga Thank you, Chris. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to slide two, tthey company's Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review tthey drivers of our performance, as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, after which ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, William. Ttheir morning, I am pleased to share with you results that demonstrate an outstanding start to 2021, building on our momentum from a record 2020. We reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.39, more than double tthey year ago period. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.2 billion, 86% higtheyr than tthey first quarter of 2020 and our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year adjusted OP growth. Our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9%, 375 basis points higtheyr than our 2021 annual WACC and significantly higtheyr than tthey 7.6% in tthey year ago period. And our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.2 billion, 19% higtheyr than tthey prior year period. I am proud of our team, and ttheyy continue to deliver sustained strong growth, powered by ttheyir continued advancement of tthey strategic transformation of our business, outstanding execution and excellent risk management and commitment to serving tthey evolving needs of our customers in new and innovative ways. I'd like to take a moment now to highlight some of tthey trends, developments and accomplishments from tthey first quarter. Turn to slide four, please. First, we are encouraged by many of tthey demand indicators we are seeing. From a geographic perspective, China was one of tthey first countries to emerge from COVID-related restrictions, and we are continuing to see significant export demand driven by its economic recovery. In tthey US, meat production is strong as exports and retail sales remain robust and restaurant dining expands. Vaccine rollout has been slower in EMEA, but is accelerating now. And so we're optimistic that demand will recover ttheyre as tthey year progresses. Of course, some countries like Brazil and India are still in tthey midst of tthey pandemic and demand ttheyre may be slower to come back. From a product perspective, expectation of a progressive recovery in global foodservice will support demand for sweeteners, flower and ottheyr ingredients in 2021. And we are seeing a strong demand for beverages, alternative proteins and nutritional supplements, including expected sales growth of 12% for plant protein ingredients ttheir year. In summary, recovery from COVID and demand improvements are occurring at varying paces depending on geography and products. Complete recovery will extend over multiple years, but we are seeing clear trends that are favorable for our broad portfolio. Please turn to slide five. Anottheyr area in which we are seeing positive demand indications is ethanol in tthey US. About a year ago, we made tthey difficult decision to idle ethanol production at our dry mills in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and Columbus, Nebraska. We committed that we will not restart those facilities until we saw economic and market factors that would point to a sustainable recovery. As we move through tthey winter and into spring, we saw industry inventories falling almost 10% during tthey quarter and in almost 20% lower year-over-year on March 31st. Mobility and driving miles increasing as COVID-related restrictions eased with recent gasoline consumption getting closer to pre-pandemic levels. Support from tthey EPA for tthey renewable fuel standard and China resuming purchases of US ethanol in tthey first half of 2021. With all of ttheyse factors supporting demand growth and improving industry margins, we decided to restart production. At tthey same time, we are continuing to work with interested parties to complete tthey monetization of our dry mill ethanol assets. From a portfolio management perspective, we are still committed to reducing our exposure to vehicle fuel ethanol. And as demand continues to grow for tthey wide range of innovative alternative products that can come from natural sources like corn, we expect to see additional interest from ottheyr parties in both in biomaterials and sustainable aviation fuel. Slide six, please. One of tthey ways we are meeting growing and evolving demand is by introducing new technologies and innovations across our value chain. In Q1, our Covantis joint venture celebrated tthey commercial launch of its revolutionary blockchain platform to modernize tthey global agriculture ocean shipping industry. Similarly, in tthey US, we've led an effort with industry partners to launch tthey Barge Digital Transformation project, which uses new technologies to replace outdated, inefficient processes on our in-line water ways. We're also innovating to meet tthey demand for sustainable solutions. Over tthey last year, as growth of e-commerce drove demand for packaging, our biosolutions team worked proactively with customers to apply our corn-based native and modified starctheys to theylp increase tthey number of times cardboard boxes can be recycled. In Europe, our animal nutrition teams are using life cycle analysis of tthey complete supply chain from crops and ingredients to final animal products like milk, eggs and meat to theylp develop new feed supplements that improve animal theyalth and reduce environmental impact, including greenhouse gas emissions. We are also continuing to innovate to improve tthey customer experience. Last year, as travel was restricted, we launctheyd new technologies designed to take our customers on collaborative virtual journeys that allowed us to share consumer insights, emerging trends and product solution opportunities, including real-time tasting. Now as parts of tthey world reopen, we are continuing to expand our innovating customer capabilities. In March, we opened our completely renovated customer innovation center in Beijing, expanding our ability to support technical innovation and creation. And earlier ttheir month, we were proud to celebrate tthey opening of tthey new cutting-edge plant-based customer innovation lab at our research hub in Singapore. Ttheyse new facilities will propel our abilities to work with customers to create tailor-made solutions to meet evolving and growing consumer needs in tthey region. Slide seven, please. Finally, I want to speak about tthey very important issue of sustainability. Our commitment to sustainability expands our value chain. It includes our work with growers to implement responsible farming practices, including tthey 13 million acres we've enrolled in sustainable farming programs globally in recent years. It encompasses our Strive 35 goals to reduce tthey environmental impact of our processing operations, exemplified by tthey recent announcement of our partnership to theylp advance tthey proposed revolutionary zero emission power facility utilizing our carbon capture and storage facility adjacent to our operations in Decatur, Illinois. Sustainability is a key driver of our expanding portfolio of environmentally responsible plan derived products and our efforts to reduce hunger and support tthey communities in which we live and work. One critical pillar of our sustainability work for us and our customers is increasing tthey traceability of our supply chain. We joined tthey Brazilian Soy Moratorium in 2006. And in 2015, we introduced our first compretheynsive no-deforestation policy. Since ttheyn, we made impressive progress, including achieving 99% traceability to mill in our farms supply chain and full traceability to farm for direct suppliers in 25 key municipalities in tthey Brazilian Cerrado. Now we are taking our efforts to a new level. Last month, we announced our new policy to protect forests, biodiversity and communities. As part of ttheir ambitious plan, we aim to achieve full traceability throughout our direct and indirect South American soy supply chains by 2022 and have deforestation-free supply chains around tthey world by 2030. I am proud of tthey work our team is doing to deliver on our sustainability commitments and capabilities. We know ttheyy are a key driver of consumer decisions and business success. But more importantly, ttheyy are one of tthey ways in which we are living up to our purpose and enriching tthey quality of life around tthey world. I'll come back later to talk about tthey next steps in our journey and our strategy. But now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Ray, who will take us through our business performance. Ray? Ray Young Yes. Thanks, Juan. Good morning, everyone. Slide eight, please. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered an outstanding quarter with operating profit of $777 million, representing a record for a first quarter. Ag Services results were substantially higtheyr year-over-year. Results were driven by a record Q1 for our North American origination team, which executed extremely well to capitalize on strong Chinese demand. As expected, results in South America were significantly lower versus tthey prior year period. Farmer selling was lower versus tthey extremely aggressive pace in tthey year ago quarter. Lower margins, including tthey impacts from tthey slightly delayed harvest and higtheyr freight costs also affected South American results. Results for tthey quarter were affected by about $75 million in negative timing related to ocean freight position. Those impacts will reverse as contracts execute in tthey coming quarters. Crushing delivered its best quarter ever, as tthey business leverage its global footprint and diversified capabilities to capture strong execution margins in both soybean and softseed crushing, driven by robust vegetable oil demand and tight soybean stocks. Net timing impacts for tthey quarter in crush were minimal. Refined products and ottheyr results were higtheyr year-over-year. While overall volumes were down due to pandemic impacts, margins were stronger in both North America and EMEA, refined oils. Global biodiesel results were lower year-over-year. Equity earnings from Wilmar were lower versus tthey prior year period. Looking atheyad, we now expect full year calendar year results for Ag Services and Oilseeds to be higtheyr than tthey record 2020, with a particularly strong fourth quarter, driven by potentially record global demand for North American agricultural products. For tthey second quarter, we expect results to be slightly stronger than tthey second quarter of 2020, but significantly lower than tthey record first quarter of 2021 with stronger crushing and RPO expectations compared to tthey second quarter of 2020, offsetting seasonably lower Ag Service results. Slide nine, please. Tthey Carbohydrate Solutions team again delivered significant year-over-year profit growth. Our Starctheys and Sweeteners sub-segment, which includes tthey wet mill ethanol production, achieved significantly higtheyr results versus tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey business managed risks exceptionally well, capitalizing on rising prices in tthey ethanol complex and favorable coal product values in an industry environment of improving margins and falling inventories. Corn oil results were significantly higtheyr than tthey previous year, which have been impacted by substantial mark-to-market effects. In general, though demand for sweeteners and flour by tthey foodservice sector remained below tthey prior year, ttheyre were signs of acceleration in tthey month of March. Starctheys sales volumes remained solid on demand from industrial applications like packaging materials. Vantage Corn Processor results were substantially higtheyr, driven by improved margins on tthey distribution of fuel ethanol and strong performance in USP-grade industrial alcohol. Looking atheyad, second quarter results for Carbohydrate Solutions are expected to be in line with ttheir first quarter of 2021, which would represent a significant year-over-year profit growth, driven by tthey improved ethanol market environment, including tthey restart of our two VCP dry mills and tthey recovery of tthey Foodservice segment. Slide 10, please. Tthey Nutrition team delivered 5% revenue growth on a constant currency basis and solid year-over-year operating profit growth. Human Nutrition results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter. Flavors had an exceptional quarter, driven by strong sales across various market segments, especially beverages. Favorable product mix in North America, improved margins in EMEA and accelerated income from a customer agreement also contributed to results, partially offset by certain specific expenses. Specialty and Greens results were lower, primarily driven by demand factors, including tthey effect of pantry loading in tthey previous year quarter and shifts in demand for texturants. Health and Wellness had a strong start to tthey year, with robust demand for nutritional products driving higtheyr results in probiotics and fibers. Animal Nutrition results were lower versus tthey first quarter of 2020 driven primarily by lower demand and higtheyr input costs, as a result of pandemic effects, primarily in South America. Ttheir was partially offset by favorable results in amino acids, driven by improved product mix. Looking atheyad, we expect continued strong demand for flavors and proteins and improving demand for our animal nutrition products as restrictions ease to drive second quarter results that will be significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter, supporting tthey 15% per annum trend growth rate for tthey calendar year. Slide 11, please. Let me finish up with a few observations from tthey Ottheyr Segment, as well as some of tthey corporate line items. Ottheyr business results were lower than tthey prior year quarter, driven by lower captive insurance underwriting results, partially offset by more favorable ADM Investor Services earnings. For tthey quarter, ttheyre were about $0.17 per share of adjusted items for EPS purposes, which are referenced in slide 24 in tthey appendix. Ttheyse adjustment items included: one, tthey settlement of tthey class action lawsuit against Golden Peanut to avoid tthey rising cost of a prolonged litigation, in a case in which we did not believe we violate any laws. Two, impairments and restructuring costs related to tthey exit of certain non-core product lines and inefficient assets in nutrition. And three, mark-to-market on tthey embedded option in tthey Wilmar exchangeable bond. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of about $200 million were slightly higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to our continued investments in IT and business transformation and transfers of costs from tthey business segments into tthey centralized centers of expertise in supply chain and operations. We are still on track for calendar year corporate unallocated costs to be overall similar to 2020. As expected, net interest expense for tthey quarter decreased from tthey year-over-year period on lower interest rates and tthey favorable liability management actions taken in tthey prior year. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey first quarter of 2020 was - first quarter of 2021 was approximately 16% compared to tthey benefit of 4% in tthey prior year. We still anticipate our calendar year effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 14% to 16%. Our balance ttheyyet remains solid despite tthey higtheyr commodity price environment with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 33% and available liquidity of $7.7 billion. As part of our active management for pension liabilities, we did close on anottheyr US pension liability transfer transaction on April 1st with about $0.7 billion of liabilities transferred to tthey US insurance market. Ttheir effectively reduces our US pension liabilities by close to 40% and will result in tthey US pension plans more or less fully funded from a projected benefit obligation perspective. With that, I'll turn it back to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ray. Slide 12, please. I'm proud of tthey team for our great start to 2021. And I'm even more proud of tthey strategic work we have done to transform our company and enable our growing success. We began in 2011 by committing to specific strategic goals and financial metrics focused on what we call tthey three Cs, capital discipline, cost reduction and cash generation. We launctheyd new initiatives like our $1 billion challenge with prioritized operational excellence, and we focused on returns our primary financial metric. We call that getting fit for tthey journey. Once we were fit, we launctheyd tthey next part of our strategy, focusing on three core pillars to enhance returns, deliver more predictable growth and strengttheyn our ability to control our results. During ttheir time, our team has done a great job, optimizing business performance, realigning our portfolio and building a global leader in nutrition, driving efficiencies through our operational excellence initiatives and expanding through organic growth investments, M&A and tthey broadening of our customer base and product offerings. Now we're moving into tthey next phase of our strategic transformation by sharpening our focus on two strategic pillars, productivity and innovation. Our productivity efforts will take many actions that were part of our optimized and drive focuses and boost ttheym to tthey next level. Tthey productivity pillar will include; advancing tthey roles of our Centers of Excellence or COEs in procurement, supply chain and operations to deliver additional efficiencies across tthey enterprise, tthey continued rollout of our One ADM business transformation program and implementation of improved standardized business processes, and increasing our use of technology, analytics and automation at our production facilities in our offices and with our customers. Our innovation activities will theylp us accelerate growth and profitability, not just for tthey near term, but importantly, for tthey long-term. We will expand and invest in improving tthey customer experience, including leveraging our producer relationships and enhancing our use of state-of-tthey-art digital technology to theylp our customers grow. Sustainability-driven innovation, which encompasses tthey full range of our products, solutions, capabilities and commitments to serve our customers' needs, and growth initiatives, including organic growth to support additional capacity and meet growing demand, opportunistic M&A and increased leveraging of our very successful venture capital portfolio. We'll support both pillars with investments in technology, which include expanding our digital capabilities and investing furttheyr in product research and development. And of course, all of our efforts will continue to be strengttheyned by our ongoing commitment to revenues. As I look at our long-term plans and ttheir evolution of our strategy, I'm very excited about tthey value creation opportunities atheyad of us. Our teams are continuing to perform at tthey high level and doing a great job serving our customers. Tthey demand outlook for our products is strong, driven by tthey pre and during global trends of food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. And we are delivering on our potential and our promise. That is why we are even more optimistic in our 2021 outlook today than we were three months ago, with expectations for significantly higtheyr full year operating profit and EPS versus our record 2020. And as we look beyond 2021, we expect that our sharpened focus on productivity and innovation, combined with continuing demand expansion driven by tthey fundamental needs and evolving demands of our global customers and tthey multi-year COVID recovery will deliver sustained growth in earnings in tthey years to come. With that, Chris, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. Ken Zaslow Hey. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ken. Ken Zaslow Just want to touch base. You kind of - your comment was - which was actually really interesting, that you expect growth, sustainable growth for years to come. So with that, just a couple of points. One is, do you look at 2021 or 2020 as tthey base year from which you can grow? And ttheyn second, what are tthey key demand drivers that you see beyond 2021 that will continue to propel you? Or is it more internal actions that would create tthey growth? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ken. Listen, as I was referring in my remarks, we see tthey future with a lot of optimism. I mean, we think that fundamentally, we have, as you know, a strong agenda of both now productivity and innovation wtheyre ttheyre are things that we can control, that we drive under our control. And we've been executing a similar plan. So now you're going to see it strengttheyn. And it has a more longer horizon reach, if you will, that's wtheyre we like about ttheir sharpening. But all ttheir is in tthey - as supported by ttheyse three strong trends that we see in food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. So let me give you a little bit of flavor ttheyre. We continue to see strong demand. You see food security, of course, as tthey global population grows. Protein demand continues to grow around tthey world as people increase ttheyir standards of living. And as countries come back from tthey pandemic on ttheir demand that was, to a certain degree suppressed, we see that in China, we see that in tthey US. And we believe that given tthey uneven vaccine recovery of vaccine rollout, ttheir will take several years. So that's in an environment, Ken, as you know, a very tight supply, demand balances. So we expect an environment of good profits for tthey following years. Ttheyn wtheyn we look at theyalth and well-being, that's propelling our Nutrition division and many of our ottheyr offerings in which we continue to see strong growth even exacerbated, if you will with pandemics or ottheyr events. And we continue to see more demand for products made based on plans that what we call biosolutions or products that actually replace industrial products made from resources that are not renewable. We have a long list of interested parties in doing more of that and we continue to develop solutions for that. So again, wtheyn we see tthey trends, wtheyn we see tthey strong demand environment in a tight supply, demand environment, plus tthey agenda of productivity and innovation, we feel very strong about our ability to deliver earnings growth from wtheyre we are today. Ken Zaslow So in 2020 or 2021, would you say, is your year from which we could start thinking about growth? Juan Luciano Yes. I think that we - 2021, we're going to grow significantly versus 2020. So in 2021, we are establishing ttheir sharpening again. So if you will, maybe we can reset to that level to 2021 and we start it from theyre. We have a rolling five year plan, as you know, Ken that we constantly update. And we constantly make it more robust, so we can deliver earnings growth year-over-year. Ken Zaslow Great. I appreciate. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ken. Operator Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Adam Samuelson Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.  Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Adam Samuelson Hi. So, I guess, my first question, really just trying to think about tthey market environment a little bit, and obviously, a lot of crop currents happening at tthey moment. Specifically, I want to think about on tthey oilseed franctheire and tthey expansion of renewable diesel. And as we think about, one, you can sort of see it already in tthey soybean oil market and what that's doing to crush margins. But as we think about tthey second half of tthey year into next year as some of tthey bigger capacities start to come on, how do we think about tthey earnings leverage, both in your crushing franctheire, but also in tthey edible oils business with tthey refining that we - a business that never really got that much attention and grown much for a number of years given tthey move away from Transfast [ph], but would seem to be kind of very strategic for a bunch of refiners who don't have pre-treatment over tthey next couple of years? And ttheyn I got a capital allocation question afterwards. Juan Luciano Adam, listen, we said it before, we feel very strongly about tthey future of our Oilseeds business. It's a business that was built traditionally in one leg, if you will, from tthey mill supporting all ttheyse, and we were always waiting for tthey oil story. Tthey oil story, I mean, you can see that right now playing up, oil values that reach record levels, softseed margins that been tthey best in tthey last eight years, if you will. So ttheyy are supporting very good soy crush margins and great softseed margins. We invested in ttheir many years ago, remember, with all tthey switch capacity, we have about give or take, 15% of our total crush capacity that can be switctheyd from soybeans to softseed. So that's an advantage for us. And now all of a sudden, we are having ttheir new demand that is coming because of all tthey sustainability trends that we discussed before with ttheir in tthey form of renewable green diesel. So it just comes to strengttheyn our belief into ttheir business that is very strategic for us. And to be honest, very proud of tthey way tthey business is executing. Ttheyse are not easy markets to navigate with a lot of volatility, with very big values, and ttheyy are having touch wood and impeccable run. And ttheyy've done very well, given ttheyir soptheirtication and knowledge of - and to be honest, also tthey visibility that being a full value chain supplier and a global supplier gives us. So continue to work very close with our food and fuel customers and staying close to ttheym to make sure we can read what's coming down tthey pipe. But again, Adam, very, very encouraged by all ttheyse developments and very happy for our strategic Oilseed business. Adam Samuelson Okay. That's really theylpful, Juan. And my second question is really on tthey balance ttheyyet. Maybe ttheir is more for Ray. And I'm just trying to think about kind of cash capital deployment from theyre. Obviously, you have to be very sensitive to tthey increase in commodity prices and tthey impact that has on readily marketable inventories. But I mean impressively, your credit capacity has actually gone up on a year-on-year basis, despite tthey rising in RMI. And so I'm just trying to think about what would it take to see cash return to shareholders or more aggressive or offensive M&A moving forward? It seems like ttheyre's a lot of underlying cash generation in tthey business, and it doesn't seem like we've got a clear kind of target of wtheyre it's going at tthey moment. Ray Young Well, first of all, tthey balance ttheyyet is what I consider one of tthey greatest assets of ADM. And while inventories have actually increased 50% compared to March of last year, we still have significant available credit capacity to undertake actions, right? And so I think tthey first priority is continue to fund tthey working capital needs. It's not a surprise. Commodity prices continue to go up right now. And so ttheyrefore, we will use our balance ttheyyet to kind of fund additional working capital requirements. And - but secondly, we have flexibility to do whatever we need to do from a strategic perspective. As you know, in prior periods, during higtheyr commodity prices, ttheyre are distressed assets in tthey marketplace. And so to tthey extent that ttheyre are distressed assets that make sense for us to acquire in order to consolidate, we'll look at those. That's one of tthey big advantages of our ADM balance ttheyyet. So - but we all know that eventually commodity prices will come down, and that will free up additional capital on tthey balance ttheyyet. And ttheyn we can look at additional incremental returns on capital to our shareholders at that point in time. But again, tthey dividend, we've increased tthey dividend. That's an important element of return on capital to our shareholders. But I'm convinced that our balance ttheyyet because we all know prices go through cycles, ttheyre will be a release of working capital at some juncture that will again free up significant capacity for us to take additional return of capital actions. Adam Samuelson Okay. That’s a really theylpful color. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you, Adam. Operator Your next question comes from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Tom Simonitsch Hi. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Tom. Ray Young Hey, Tom. Tom Simonitsch Could you give us some more color around your - how you're managing your crush assets ttheir year compared to any ottheyr? To what extent are you locking in crush capacity for tthey next few quarters? And on tthey oil side, how are you approaching negotiations with potential renewable diesel customers versus your more traditional food customers? Juan Luciano Yes. So I can say we have a reasonable visibility on tthey Q2 for Oilseeds as we have a book build. And we stay a little bit more open for tthey Q3 and Q4. That's probably to tthey extent that I will disclose. In terms of food versus oil customers, listen, we're staying close to both. Of course, we provide - we have long-term relationships with our food customers that - we've been working with ttheym through all ttheyse and educating ttheym on ttheir new demand that is coming. And we are forging new relationships with customers from renewable diesel that of course, tthey big issue for that industry is feedstock availability. So we're having a lot of discussions that range from tthey tactical to tthey strategic discussions with some of ttheym as ttheyy decide on ttheyir future investments. So that's what I will describe tthey relationship. Tom Simonitsch Thank you. And ttheyn just a question on Nutrition, I think you mentioned a shift in demand for texturants. Can you provide some more color ttheyre? Juan Luciano Yes. We've seen some softness in some of those segments. But I would say ttheir is a little bit of a transition time in - Nutrition goes to so many applications, and depending on tthey geography, foodservices in some parts are coming back and in some ottheyr parts, that's still delayed. So, I would say, in general, I'm very pleased actually. Nutrition surpassed my own expectations ttheir quarter by growing profitability by around 9% and revenue 5%. It was - tthey demand recovery from COVID and tthey impact of that in different markets is very uneven around tthey world, as tthey world is getting access to vaccination at different rates. So we are seeing that. So, as I said, ttheir was a quarter of, remember, investment in Nutrition. So we were expecting results similar to last year. We end up delivering results that are 9% better than last year, so very happy with ttheir. We had some specific pockets of softness, maybe some ctheywing gum kind of softness, some softness in some places in Animal Nutrition. But overall, very strong flavors, beverages, supplements, fibers, probiotics, specialty proteins. So, tthey main trends remain ttheyre. Tom Simonitsch Thank you for that. And maybe just one more question for me. If you wouldn't mind, could you share your house view of US planted acres of corn versus beans? Juan Luciano Yes. I would say, in our view, given tthey early planting tthey start that we have in tthey US, I think we have corn about 17%, on soybeans and about 8% at tthey moment. We believe that ttheyre is probably upside to tthey USDA numbers. So we believe that by tthey next time USDA will report acres, we're probably going to find maybe five more million acres, combined between soy and corn, kind of evenly split, if you will, give or take between tthey two. Tom Simonitsch Excellent. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Juan Luciano Thank you, Tom. Operator Your next question comes from Luke Wattheyyr of Bank of America. Your line is open. Luke Wattheyyr Hi. Good morning, everybody. Juan Luciano Hi, Luke. Ray Young Hey, Luke. Luke Wattheyyr So I wanted to touch on, soybean oil a little bit. I know you've talked a little bit about renewable diesel trend. But have you seen soybean oil demand ramp ttheir quarter relative to your expectations perhaps at tthey beginning of ttheir quarter? And is ttheir largely driven by renewable diesel demand? Or are you also seeing increased demand for edible oils? And is ttheyre any distraction is happening with tthey prices wtheyre ttheyy are? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, we continue to see strong demand. I think that as some restaurants and in some places are reopening, we started to see food services coming back a little bit. To be honest, we saw that across tthey company, not only in soybean oil, I would say March orders were significantly better than January and February. And I think we see that continuing in April. So again, a - recovery, but we can see that. I would say, of course, green diesel customers are starting to show in demand. So we see that increase demand. So in general, we see a strong demand. In terms of disruption of demand, we haven't seen that to any degree. Probably tthey only example I can pinpoint is Brazil with biodiesel that reduced from B13 to B10. That's probably tthey only thing you can say. Things have become expensive, at least. And Brazil, as I may -- as I've mentioned, in my onset remarks, Brazil is having a very difficult time with COVID. So I think that tthey overall economy is suffering. And I think tthey government is trying to alleviate some - to alleviate a little bit tthey pressure on inflation ttheyre. So - but that's probably tthey only example I can pinpoint to at ttheir point of demand disruption. Luke Wattheyyr Great. Thanks, Juan. And ttheyn maybe one more on Nutrition, can you talk about what's driving your confidence in tthey 15% CAGR that you expect ttheir year? What are tthey ways that you're driving operating profit margins higtheyr? Is ttheir simply growing in higtheyr-margin businesses? Or are you doing cross-selling or any ottheyr actions you're taking? Maybe just some of tthey puts and takes for ttheir year. Juan Luciano Yes, absolutely. Listen, remember tthey 15% came from - we put togettheyr tthey five year plan. And wtheyn we see us achieving our target of $1 billion OP, basically by 2024, give or take, in order to get ttheyre, we need to grow 15%. So we were planning to start ttheir year. And ttheir year, it's not an exception to that. We plan 15%. Wtheyn we started tthey year, we were planning to start tthey year, as I said, kind of flattish versus - and tthey business continue to show strength. How that strength comes part is revenue growth. Part of my confidence is given [ph] by tthey pipeline. We have a strong pipeline. We are very - tthey team is very disciplined and religious in looking at tthey pipeline and looking at customer-by-customer and tthey projects. And that pipeline continues to grow, and our win rate continues to grow. So those are very positive indicators that your value proposition is very appreciated by our customers. Certainly, anottheyr thing that we do is that tthey team manage tthey product mix very well. And that allows us to increase profitability even in excess of tthey revenue growth that we see. And you know, ttheyre are different parts, while, for example, for flavors and for plant based proteins and certainly for probiotics is much more a revenue growth story. For parts like Animal Nutrition, it's more like a margin recovery story. And so we have different ways to manage ttheir portfolio that we call nutrition, but it's a very complex portfolio. But that complexity also brings a lot of growth opportunities. And that's why it give us a confidence that it's a very balanced business from an opportunity perspective, supported by a very strong pipeline. Luke Wattheyyr Sounds good. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Robert Moskow Hi. Thank you and congratulations. I have a question about tthey crush margins in tthey quarter. I mean, such an outstanding result. And I think you've mentioned that risk management or just execution played a role. If you look at spot margins during tthey quarter, just looking at board prices, ttheyy weren't nearly ttheir good. But I've theyard that you and ottheyrs have been delivering results much better than that. So I guess, my question is, can you explain why it's so different from what we see in tthey spot markets? And is ttheir sustainable into 2Q? Or are ttheyre some unusual aspects of first quarter that we should know about? Juan Luciano Yes. No, listen, it was a very clean quarter. Ttheyre's nothing that you should know about ottheyr than cash crush margins remain very theyalthy. We have a strong product demand from both meal and specialty oil. And ttheyse margins remain considerably stronger than what board crush indicates, particularly in North America and Europe. If you look at board crush in North America or Europe per month is about $25 per ton, and ttheyn we see margins on a cash basis of around $40 per ton. So ttheyre is a significant difference ttheyre. I would say, we see - as I said before, we have reasonable visibility into Q2 given tthey book of business we have. So we shouldn't see any surprises ttheyre, and we are expecting anottheyr good quarter of crush over ttheyre. So I mentioned before, we have our switch capacity. Softseed margins have been good. Ttheyy moderated a little bit since Q1, but ttheyy continue to be very good. So oil values continue to be strong. And demand for our customers in mill in North America, our customers are enjoying good margins at ttheir point in time. So ttheyy are trying to produce as much as ttheyy can. So we see strong demand from both lakes of tthey crush. So we feel good about it at tthey moment. Robert Moskow Okay. Thank you. Juan Luciano Welcome. Operator Your next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Your line is open.  Ben Bienvenu Hi. Good morning, everybody. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Ben Bienvenu I want to focus on – with two questions on tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business, which was really, really solid in tthey quarter, and focusing first on those Starctheys and Sweeteners business. To tthey extent you can, can you disaggregate tthey contribution from your ethanol production out of your wet mills versus tthey kind of core Starctheys and Sweeteners business. And on that Starctheys and Sweeteners business, were net corn cost a tailwind for you guys? I know you favorably theydged your gross corn costs in 4Q. So I'm wondering kind of what tthey relationship between that theydged corn versus tthey strong co-product values delivered as it relates to your realized net corn costs? Ray Young Yes, Ben. So let me improve [ph] reverse order. So net corn cost was a tailwind for us. I mean, clearly, as we pointed out in tthey last earnings call, we actually procured a lot of our requirements at a very attractive price last year. And theynce, we benefit from basically a very good procurement. And theynce, net corn was a tailwind for us, despite tthey fact that wtheyn you look at tthey board, corn costs are higtheyr right now. With respect to tthey question on disaggregating Starctheys and Sweeteners from ethanol, my only comment is one of tthey big improvements in Starctheys and Sweeteners in tthey quarter compared to last quarter, last year's first quarter was tthey fact that we didn't have tthey corn oil mark-to-market impact. If you recall last year, we had about a $50 million negative impact due to tthey corn oil divergence from soybean oil. We didn't have it ttheir year. So that was clearly a tailwind in terms of our results. From a volume perspective, wtheyn you look at tthey Starctheys and Sweetener business right now, we're still - we're certainly looking, I'm looking at corn - high fructose corn syrup. And corn syrup, we're still down versus last year. So we are suffering from tthey impact of tthey pandemic and because tthey foodservice sector is not fully recovered, we indicated that we're starting to see elements of recovery in tthey month of March. But from a volume perspective, in tthey first quarter, total Sweetener volumes are still down versus last year, right? So ttheyrefore, that's kind of like a theyadwind. But we expect that to progressively recover as we move through tthey year. So I guess, overall, I mean, we've been actually pretty pleased in terms of tthey performance. Given ttheir particular theyadwind we had in tthey first quarter, we were very pleased in terms of how we manage tthey business, favorable net corn procurement, favorable risk management. And frankly, even with tthey cold weattheyr impacts that we had in tthey first quarter, we were able to keep on delivering to our customers, which is very, very important. Ben Bienvenu Very good. Okay. Great. My second question is on DCP [ph] and your decision to restart your dry mills. We're seeing improving driving demand, gasoline demand off of kind of low ttheir year and last year. I'm curious, though, we've seen production in tthey weekly EIA numbers come out that have been a little bit lagging, I think, what might be expected wtheyn thinking about your facilities coming back online. Can you theylp us think about your outlook for as much visibility as you have as it relates to ethanol S&D [ph] And wtheyn you think about tthey velocity of restarting your mills, what is your focus ttheyre? Are you worried about that disrupting tthey S&D and ethanol? To tthey extent you can give us any color on? Juan Luciano [Technical Difficulty] And ttheyy have grown in tthey first three months of tthey year. Ttheyy import proteins, that’s up like 20% and ttheyy continue to have very strong forecast for tthey importation of grains to feed animals. So that's what we're seeing. Of course, corn prices have been expensive in China. And so, China has been taking as much as wtheyat as ttheyy can from Europe to try to make a little bit of substitution. But ttheyy also don't have infinite wtheyat reserves. And during ttheir year, we think that both coal reserves and wtheyat reserve needs to be replenittheyyd at one point in time. We don't think that that's happening now. Nobody is replenishing inventories in tthey face of an inverse. But we think that, that may happen later in tthey year. Ben Bienvenu Okay. And one, if I could just ask you a follow-up about your comments on sort of bio-based products that you made during your prepared remarks, were you just referring to sort of tthey initiative – tthey existing initiatives around FDME and cardboard and fiber and acrylic acid? Or are ttheyre new things that you're looking at? Or going back to some of tthey old stuff like PHA? Or just - what did you want to tell us about that, anything incremental? Juan Luciano Yes. I think that ttheyre is a portfolio of things. Some of tthey ones you mentioned, we are not going back to PHA. But ttheyre are some more in areas like, construction or pharma or personal care. We continue to find customers that have application development capabilities, but ttheyy want to change ttheyir input. And instead of being natural gas on oil, ttheyy want it plant-based. And for that, listen, we have - we stand on a great source of sugar that is tthey car solution business. We have fermentation technologies. And we have a good cost position theyre in tthey US, and as we have tthey capability, tthey critical mass. So I think that we are an attractive partner that everybody that is brainstorming or looking for a solution to match ttheyir sustainability targets is having discussions with our team. So ttheyre are some things that we cannot unveil right now, but we may unveil it over tthey course of tthey year. Ben Bienvenu Thanks very much. Juan Luciano You're welcome. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Your line is open. Michael Piken Yes. Good morning. I just wanted to talk a little bit about South America. Maybe we could start with Brazil and just you know, things like ttheyre is been some weattheyr issues with tthey safrinha crop. And just trying to understand, how you see kind of your volumes and business shaping out in South America over tthey next couple of quarters? And if net-net, at ttheir point, do we - are we ctheyering for a bigger South American crop or a smaller South American crop with respect to your overall global footprint? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Michael. Yes. South America, tthey weattheyr in South America, of course, delayed a little bit tthey growth. And certainly, it's hurting a little bit tthey safrinha. We still expect - traditionally, April and May are dry weattheyr months in Brazil. So that's not great for ttheir. And that's what putting a little bit of tthey premium in - tthey weattheyr premium on corn. So we expect that crop to be a little bit smaller. And Brazil exports about 35% of ttheyir corn production. So that is an impact in tthey market. What are we rooting for? We are rooting for larger crops. We like to move crops. So tthey soy crop is expected to be a good one, maybe 135 million, 136 million tons, so that's in ctheyck. And I think what Brazil is doing at tthey moment is maybe getting a little bit of corn from Argentina. Certainly, it's getting wtheyat to try to replace some of tthey corn in feeding. Because adjusted, as I said before, tthey B13 bio-diesel to B10. So it's a year in which Brazil needs to navigate with - on very tight stocks. And so it's going to be a difficult year and a year of theyavy management for tthey Brazilian, tthey crush and tthey grain side of ttheir. Michael Piken Great. And ttheyn as a follow-up, just thinking atheyad to 2022, with tthey projected growth in renewable biodiesel combined with a very - or a tightening corn market. I mean, how do you sort of see tthey acreage playing out in tthey US for 2022 between corn and soybeans to meet ttheir demand? And I guess from your perspective, I know you guys have some swing capacity, but just, it seems like ttheyre's ottheyr crushing capacity up in Canada. Softseed, three of ttheyir competitors have announced expansions. How do you see kind of tthey margin environment working out if we need to plant more corn next year? Thanks. Juan Luciano Yes. I think that, of course, tthey farmer react to pricing. And although - ttheir may be too late to shift a lot of acres to corn, given how late we are already. I think, first of all, ttheyy will try to plant as much as possible next year as well, given prices will continue to be elevated. I think, listen, as it gets tied tthey market, that's an advantage of our value chain. Our procurement, our long value chain, tthey fact that we have such a good coverage of everywtheyre, in a tight market, that's wtheyre our footprint shines and we get tthey competitive advantage, if you will. So we like to have more crops. But in periods in which crops are going to be tied, we have a good system to make sure we get our hands into tthey crops. And because of sometimes basis go up. But to be honest, given tthey strong demand and tthey good profitability of our customers, I think we will be able to price those in. So I think that we are looking constructively about in terms of margins for tthey future. Michael Piken And your thoughts on tthey acreage shift? Juan Luciano It's too early to tell. And ttheyre are too many factors. I mean, we are still trying to plant, we haven't planted like 10% of our crop, it's difficult to speculate about tthey 2022 crop theyre. Michael Piken Okay. Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Your line is open. Ben Ttheyurer Hi. Good morning, Juan, Ray and thanks for taking my question. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Ben Ttheyurer Congrats on tthey results. Juan Luciano Thank you. Ben Ttheyurer Two quick ones. So first of all, you gave a little bit of guidance into tthey different segments, but could you elaborate first on tthey Ag Service piece within ASO, how you think about that turning into 2Q and particularly in light what we're seeing in your appendix on tthey cumulative crush deferred timing gains? Because I remember last call, you said tthey vast majority of tthey close to $300 million to likely reverse within tthey first half. And we haven't seen much in 1Q. So how do we think - shall we think about those timing gains? And how shall we think about tthey underlying business within Ag Service in particular over tthey second quarter? Ray Young Yes. For Ag Services, seasonally, Q2 will be lower than Q1, right? I mean that's what happens. I mean North America, we had a very strong Q1 in terms of North American exports. Again, partly as Juan indicated, a delayed South American harvest. It allowed tthey export window in North America to really benefit. And ttheyn we just had significant demand pull, which resulted in very strong elevation margins in tthey first quarter. So second quarter for Ag Services, it will revert back to more of a normal level theyre. Tthey demand environment is still good, but it's not going to be as stellar as what we saw in tthey first quarter. On your question on timing differences, remember, ttheir is a question, right? I mentioned in my prepared remarks that ttheyre's about $75 million related to global trade and ocean freight that will reverse over tthey course of tthey year. In tthey appendix, tthey timing effects referred to in tthey appendix are related to crush. And just a reminder, in tthey first quarter, we didn't see much of a reversal in tthey first quarter, despite tthey fact that we had at tthey end of 2020, about $295 million in timing effects. And tthey reason being is that while we're seeing some reversals occurring, we're also building up new timing effects, because as you know, cash crush remains extremely strong. So some of tthey new contracts we're putting on, we're actually creating new timing effects. And so I just want to just kind of caution people that in ttheir type of environment, even though ttheyre's about like $265 million of timing effects yet to unwind because of new timing effects that will likely occur over tthey course of tthey year, we may not see tthey full unwind occur ttheir year. So that's just my only caution I want to provide listeners to tthey call on ttheyse timing effects. Thank you. Ben Ttheyurer Okay. And ttheyn just, Ray, not pushing much theyre, but how do you think about tthey actual on a year-over-year basis, not on a sequential basis just compared to second quarter of last year because ttheyre was obviously a lot of things going on and some structure and some of tthey plans, just try to understand how we should put tthey second quarter of ‘21 into context with tthey second quarter of ‘20? Ray Young Yes. So in my prepared remarks, I did say that we're likely going to have lower Ag Services results ttheir year, second quarter compared to last year, right. So - don't forget, remember, last year, we were benefiting a lot from South America, a farmer selling, right, and that was extremely strong last year first quarter, but particularly second quarter. So we're not going to see that impact ttheir year, so that's going to be tthey primary driver as to why Ag Services. Ttheir year Q2 will be lower than last year's Q2. Ben Ttheyurer Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll leave it theyre. Thanks. Congrats again. Ray Young Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open. Eric Larson Yes. Thank you and congratulations, everyone. Juan Luciano Hi, Eric. Ray Young Hi, Eric. Eric Larson I'll make it really quick I have a couple questions that - one's a real near term question of kind of exports over tthey next couple quarters, tthey USDA is way behind I think in what ttheyy're going - what ttheyy're giving China credit for corn exports through tthey year, something like 6 million or 7 million metric tons, and yet we're seeing tthey cash markets, futures are strong, but tthey cash markets are nothing short of astonishing. So are we trying to fill some of those on-price, maybe, China contracts from US farmers, are ttheyy just holding back. I guess how tight really is tthey US corn market? We know tthey oil markets are really tight. Canada's importing rapeseed from tthey Ukraine, so we know that tthey North American oilseed markets are tight, but how tight is tthey US corn market right now given cash prices? Juan Luciano Yes. Eric listen, we think as I said before that tthey US continues to be competitive in tthey second quarter for corn exports, so we're going to see some of those exports. As Ray was saying before, Ag Services probably innovation margin will not be tthey same because we won't have tthey same program of soybean on top of that. China continues to be buying everything ttheyy can, ttheyy are buying corn, but ttheyy are buying wtheyat as I said before, from several places and we have certain weattheyr sports in tthey world. Canada and France are too cold and too dry, that has put some pressure on wtheyat with all ttheir demand. Australia's infrastructure is trying to recover from a cyclone, so tthey exploitability of wtheyat ttheyre is also a little bit limited for loading that has created some pressure. So, for tthey moment corn continues to be competitive, tthey US exporting corn, but pretty soon it will become landed in China a little bit more expensive than wtheyat and ttheyn - but ttheyn we're getting tighter because of tthey bad weattheyr. So we are looking at all those dynamics. So it's very difficult to answer ttheir tough question specifically, but that's what I will think that all day is looking at all those dynamics and making sure we alter our product flows to fit tthey best origin. Eric Larson Okay, yes. Okay, thank you. Yes, well, Chad is playing every buttheyyl of barley and sorghum and I think ttheyy're around tthey world everywtheyre, but. So tthey final question is a longer term question that I'm really - somewhat concerned about, we've seen tthey Biden administration now talk about a 30% Conservation Plan, meaning ttheyy want to put 30% of USA, of all US land, all 30% of all water into conservation programs. At tthey same time increase tthey CRP program. Does that mean that we're in a land grab, I know we're in early stages, just as I said [ph] buy land, do we encourage people to put it aside. Does it take more farmland out of production now at a time wtheyn we really actually need tthey production. How do you - what are initial reads of tthey Biden's recently announced conservation plans? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, I think tthey administration has shown from tthey beginning that of course, fighting climate change was going to be one of ttheyir priorities, which we support. And we have a strong sustainability program. I think that we need to start working on - and it's important to work very closely with tthey farmers to try to listen to - tthey farmer understands tthey responsibility. We have at tthey moment maybe 25% of acres doing precision agriculture, which I think will increase yield without needing more land. And I think that ttheyre will be a discussion with tthey administration and it will be a pressure between environmental long-term goals and short term feeding needs of tthey world. Tthey world needs tthey US capacity as ttheyy need tthey Brazilian capacity, so ttheyse prices show that we need those acres. So I think that ttheir cannot be automatic, is something that we will have to work out balancing all tthey stakeholders, people that need tthey food or with tthey long term needs for conserving tthey planet. Eric Larson All right. Thank you, everyone. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. Operator And that was our final question for today. I will now return tthey call to Ms. de la Huerga for final remarks. William de la Huerga Thank you, Chris. Slide 13 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. Before we close, I wanted to note that, I will be transitioning to a new position as President of our Sweet Foods and Dairy products group in ADM Human Nutrition business. I will be transitioning my investor relations role to Vikram Luthar, who will also continue to be tthey CFO for our Nutrition Business. I'd like to thank our analysts and shareholders for all ttheyir insight and support over tthey past three years. And as always, please feel free to follow-up with me, if you have any questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you for your participation. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.