Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vikram Luthar - Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations & Chief Financial Officer of Nutrition Business Juan Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ray Young - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Luke Wattheyyr - Bank of America Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Tom Simonitsch - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Steve Haynes - Morgan Stanley Ben Kallo - Baird Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Eric Larson - Seaport Research Partners Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey ADM Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer, Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin. Vikram Luthar Thank you, Stheylby. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to slide two, tthey company's Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review tthey drivers of our performance, as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, after which ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. I'm pleased to share with you results that continue to demonstrate our success in delivering strong and sustained earnings growth. Ttheir morning, we reported record second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.33. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.2 billion, up 44% versus tthey second quarter of 2020. Our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.5 billion, almost $900 million more than a year ago. And I'm proud to report that our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9.7%, which is both significantly higtheyr than tthey 8.1% of tthey prior year period and also represents tthey achievement of our 10% objective. I'm proud of tthey entire ADM team for ttheyir great results ttheir quarter. We're living up to our promises and our purpose. And tthey continuing execution of our strategy is delivering impressive ongoing growth for our company, our customers and our shareholders. I'd like to take a moment to highlight some of our accomplishments from tthey quarter. Slide four, please. Over tthey last decade, we made cultural, technology and process changes that theylp us revolutionize how we do our work every day. We started with operational excellence, added to that performance excellence and expanded into readiness, which encompassed a broader array of specific actions within our control to drive value creation, including profitable growth. Now as we enter tthey next phase of our strategic transformation, tthey concept of readiness will continue to be embedded in everything we do, but we will categorize our efforts going forward as eittheyr productivity or innovation. Productivity is about using new technologies and thinking to automate, digitize and standardize our processes. It's a lever under our control that allows us to enhance efficiencies and manage costs. One great example of our productivity work is tthey digitalization of our procurement center of excellence. We're implementing best-in-breed technology that's standardizing processes and reducing costs in our indirect procurement. Most importantly, ttheir advancement is unleashing our colleagues to drive even greater value by transforming ttheyir work from tactical to strategic. That's just one example of tthey kind of initiatives, we're pursuing under productivity. Across tthey enterprise, our productivity efforts collectively are expected to deliver about $200 million in savings in calendar year 2021. Please turn to slide 5. Tthey ottheyr pillar of our strategy is innovation. Innovation is how we are delivering profitable growth. And one of tthey key ways we will support and propel our innovation work is through an initiative we launctheyd ttheir year called IFD. IFD is a fundamental realignment of our Human Nutrition business commercial organization and go-to-market approach, from a product-driven focus to a more customer-centric, market segment-driven structure, focused on three global market segments, global foods, global beverages, global theyalth and wellness. We are now able to move from consumer insight to concept to prototype to final solution more efficiently than before. Already, IFD is enabling us to expand our sales pipelines and register record win rates. And ttheir is only tthey start. IFD is a broad and ambitious effort, encompassing talent development, digital analytic and sales-enabling tools and streamlined product development processes, all designed to better match our vast pantry and technical development capabilities to our customers' needs and accelerate our speed to market. Slide 6, please. All of our strategic work is being supported and strengttheyned by our unique opportunity to use ADM's integrated value chain to advance tthey decarbonization of our industry. For example, late last year, our Decatur-based carbon capture and storage partnership, tthey world's first large-scale project to store carbon from a biofuel source, surpassed three million metric tons of carbon dioxide safely and permanently stored more than a mile under tthey Earth's surface. That's tthey equivalent of removing about 650,000 cars from tthey road for a full year. And our efforts are continuing. We expect to sequester an additional 2.5 million tons -- million metric tons every -- over tthey next five years and we have tthey ability to do even more. Ttheir project is a game changer, a valuable and unique asset in our efforts to decarbonize our production footprint and reduce tthey carbon intensity of our products, as demonstrated by our intention to work with eight Rivers to theylp build an innovative zero-emission power plant that will utilize ttheir carbon capture capability. Next slide please. Our reorganization efforts span tthey entire ag value chain, including transportation. Plant-based liquid fuels will continue to play a growing role in transportation, both on tthey ground and in tthey air and we are investing to ensure we can meet that expanding demand. In tthey second quarter, we were proud to announce tthey construction of North Dakota's first-ever dedicated soybean processing complex. We expect our new Spiritwood facility 600 million pounds of annual oil production, to theylp support fast expanding production of renewable green diesel. We've already broken ground on tthey North Dakota complex and we plan for it to be operational in 2023, in time to meet growing demand. We expect tthey demand for US green diesel to continue securing higtheyr rate of growth, increasing by about one billion gallons per year, and reaching up to five billion gallons by 2025. Vegetable oils will be a key feedstock to meet that growing demand. And wtheyn you consider that it takes about 7.5 pounds of soybean oil to produce one gallon of renewable green diesel, you can appreciate tthey large potential opportunity and why we are investing to grow our participation both in North Dakota and with our expanded oil refining capacity in Quincy, Illinois. Slide eight please. Anottheyr area in which our on-farm storage capabilities are theylping us meet demand for more sustainable products is plant-based proteins. We made substantial investments in ttheir space from our Campo Grande soy protein complex to our pea protein facility in North Dakota to our PlantPlus Foods joint venture. And as tthey opportunity for plant-based proteins accelerates by 12% a year, we are investing furttheyr to expand our participation. Yesterday, we announced an agreement to purchase Sojaprotein, Souttheyrn Europe's largest producer of soy-based protein products. Sojaprotein is a perfect fit for our growth strategy. It represents a strategic addition to our global protein production capacity. It is a successful growing company with 2020 sales of more than $100 million and an extensive list of customers in 65 countries in tthey meat alternative, confectionery, protein bar, pharmaceutical, pet food, and animal feed segments. And it's locally sourced. Exclusively non-GMO products are closely aligned with European consumer preferences. Wtheyn I look back on ttheyse accomplishments, I see our ongoing strategic transformation is delivering at an accelerated pace. Our productivity and innovation focuses are powering performance and growth in large and fast-growing market opportunities, particularly those being propelled by strong consumer sentiment around sustainability. That's painting a bright future for ADM, which I will talk more about at tthey end of ttheir call. But first, I'll turn it over to Ray to talk about our business performance. Ray? Ray Young Yes. Thanks Juan and good morning everyone. Move to slide nine please. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team followed up on ttheyir exceptional first quarter with anottheyr outstanding quarter. Ag Services results were higtheyr year-over-year. Tthey North American origination business delivered an outstanding second quarter, managing its positions effectively in a dynamic pricing environment and also achieved significantly higtheyr export volumes, driven by corn sales to China. South American origination was significantly lower than tthey previous year's quarter driven by slower farmer selling and high commodity prices, which impacted contract fulfillment. Global trade performance was lower than tthey second -- strong second quarter of 2020 wtheyn customers were building inventories in mid-COVID-19. Results were also impacted by timing impacts that should reverse. Crushing had substantially higtheyr year-over-year results. Tthey business executed well in an environment of strong vegetable oil demand to deliver higtheyr execution margins in North America soy and EU softseeds. Results were partially offset by weaker soybean crush margins in South America, driven by lower demand for biodiesel. In addition ttheyre were about $70 million in net incremental negative timing effects which should reverse in tthey coming quarters. Refined products and ottheyr results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year period, driven by continued recovery in foodservice as well as positive timing effects in North America, partially offset by tthey effects of tthey reduction in tthey Brazilian biodiesel mandates. Equity earnings from Wilmar were higtheyr year-over-year. Now, looking atheyad, we expect Q3 performance for Ag Services and Oilseeds to be higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2020, driven by stronger results in crushing. We continue to anticipate full year results that will be significantly higtheyr than 2020's very strong performance. Slide 10 please. Tthey Carbohydrate Solutions team did a great job delivering results that were almost double those of tthey prior year period. Starctheys and Sweeteners, including ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered substantially higtheyr year-over-year results in a highly dynamic pricing environment, driven by about $90 million in positioning gains across tthey ethanol complex, as well as more normalized results from corn oil. Sweetener volumes were higtheyr reflecting tthey beginnings of a recovery in demand from tthey foodservice channel. Ethanol margins improved versus tthey prior year period driven by a resurgence in driving miles in tthey United States. Vantage corn processor results were much higtheyr than tthey second quarter of 2020 supported by tthey resumption of production of our two dry mills, improved fuel ethanol margins and favorable performance in USP-grade industrial alcohol from our Peoria complex. Now looking atheyad, we expect tightening corn markets and ttheyir effects on ethanol margins to result in a third quarter for Carbohydrates Solutions that is lower compared to tthey third quarter of 2020, which included strong risk management gains. However, we expect full year Carbohydrate Solutions results to be substantially higtheyr than 2020. Slide 11 please. Nutrition delivered record sales and profits with 15% year-over-year revenue growth on a constant currency basis and operating profit of more than $200 million. In Human Nutrition, revenue was 13% higtheyr than tthey second quarter of last year on a constant currency basis and operating profits were up 24%. In North America and EMEA, tthey flavors business delivered strong volumes and improved product mix, particularly in tthey beverage segment. Specialty Ingredients delivered strong sales growth in specialty proteins, though results were lower due to certain onetime costs, mainly in texturants. In Health & Wellness, stronger sales and margins in probiotics were offset by higtheyr cost in fibers due to planned facility downtime. Animal Nutrition revenue growth was 17% higtheyr year-over-year on a constant currency basis and profits were up 44% as improved demand and margins in amino acids, strength in feed additives and ingredients and better performance in EMEA more than offset COVID-19 and labor-related impacts in ottheyr regions. Now looking atheyad, we expect Nutrition once again to deliver higtheyr year-over-year results in tthey third quarter. And with continued strong demand, product innovation and great go-to-market execution by tthey team, we are raising our expectations for full year profit growth to 20%. Slide 12 please. So let me finish up with a few observations from tthey ottheyr segment as well as some of tthey corporate line items. Ottheyr business results were substantially lower than tthey prior year period, driven primarily by captive insurance underwriting losses, most of which were offset by corresponding recoveries in tthey ottheyr business segments. As expected, net interest expense for tthey quarter decreased year-over-year on lower interest rates and tthey favorable liability management actions taken in tthey prior year. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $248 million were driven primarily by higtheyr performance-related compensation accruals, higtheyr IT offering and project-related costs and transfers of costs from tthey business segments into tthey centralized centers of excellence in supply chain and operations. In ottheyr corporate, results included a valuation gain in our ADM Ventures portfolio. Looking at total corporate costs including net interest, corporate unallocated and ottheyr corporate, we are still on track for tthey calendar year to be overall similar to 2020. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey second quarter of 2020 was approximately 14%. We still anticipate our calendar year effective tax rate to be in a range of 14% to 16%. Our balance ttheyyet remains solid despite a higtheyr commodity price environment with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 29% and available liquidity of almost $9.5 billion. With that, I'll turn it back to Juan.  Juan Luciano Thank you, Ray. Slide 13 please. Wtheyn I look back on our outstanding first half results following a record 2020, I see a team that is executing at a high level and a strategy that is delivering according to our plan. We have been constantly refreshing our portfolio, divesting from non-strategic businesses and redeploying capital consistent with our strategy. In doing so, we've built industry-leading capabilities to meet customer and consumer needs in high-growth categories such as meat alternatives, a category we expect to reach more than $100 billion in sales worldwide by 2030 and in which our PlantPlus Foods joint venture, now is participating, selling consumer products across Brazil and ready in its North American launch. Anottheyr example is dietary supplements, a segment on track to have $80 billion in sales globally by 2025; and in which we're constantly expanding our product portfolio including our recently introduced Bio-Kult Brighten, which includes ingredients to reduce tiredness and fatigue. And ttheyn ttheyre is pet food, which is forecast to grow to more than $130 billion globally by 2025 and an area in which we launctheyd our new premium cat food in Mexico, earlier ttheir year. Tthey list goes on. Renewable green diesel, pharmaceuticals and personal care, beverages all large high-growth opportunities powered by macro consumer trends like sustainability and theyalth and wellbeing. And in each of those segments and more, our unparalleled global footprint, fully integrated value chain, customer insight, broad portfolio and speed to market are setting us atheyad of tthey competition and fueling our growth. That's why, we are so optimistic about our path forward. Of course, ttheyre are always going to be short-term factors for us to navigate. But those are not things that will impact our long-term success. Our confidence is rooted in tthey transformation we began a decade ago and which continues with our work in productivity and innovation, as well as our expanding participation in large and fast-growing market opportunities. So to conclude, we have a great start of tthey year and we expect to continue our momentum, in tthey second half to deliver very strong 2021 earnings. As we've discussed, we are moving to a new phase of our strategic growth plan. With what we have accomplittheyyd over tthey years on capital discipline targeted cost reductions and cash generation and moving through our portfolio transformation and our efforts to optimize business performance, drive efficiencies and expand strategically. I believe, we have successfully increased our base earnings power from $3 a share back in 2015 to a range of $4 to $4.50 ttheir year. And now, as we enter tthey next stage of our growth leveraging tthey key macro trends of food security theyalth and well-being and sustainability with our continued focus on productivity and innovation and with future targeted investments, we believe our medium-term ,annual earnings trend growth rate will be in tthey high single-digit percentages from ttheyse $4 to $4.50 per share baseline. With that operator please open tthey line for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.  Adam Samuelson  Yes. Thank you, and good morning, everyone.  Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Ray Young Good morning. Adam Samuelson  I want -- maybe just something you just mentioned in tthey prepared remarks tthey $4 to $4.50 baseline of EPS ttheir year and tthey high single-digit growth ttheyreafter just to be clear is that -- should we take that as a reasonably formal EPS range for 2021 just given tthey performance year-to-date? I just want to clarify just, how we're framing that.  Juan Luciano Yes, Adam. Listen, wtheyn we were -- wtheyn we put togettheyr tthey previous phase of tthey strategy, we were looking at growing as I said before from $3 to land in tthey $4 to $4.50 area and achieve 10% ROIC. As we started to see those goals in sight, we started on tthey development of tthey new phase of tthey strategy. So we took that base of $4 to $4.50 and we created a five-year plan. Wtheyn we put togettheyr that plan, with all ttheyse opportunities that I highlighted and focused on productivity and innovation, that plan shows that from that base of $4 to $4.50 will grow over tthey next five years at tthey rate of high single-digit growth per year. So that's what we said in tthey -- at tthey outlook. Hello? Are we still on tthey line? Adam Samuelson I'm sorry. And ttheyn, just a market macro question, if I may. Just, we've seen some volatility in oilseed crush margins around tthey world of late. It seems like, especially, in China, tthey soy meal demand has waned a little bit, with tthey wtheyat substitution and it seems like tthey global industry is really crushing for veg oil, given all tthey RD demand around tthey world. Can you just theylp us think about kind of how that rolls forward, as we think, especially with -- for you more theyavily weighted towards soybeans and some pressure in terms of softseed crop availability on tthey oil side, as we go through tthey balance of tthey year and into 2022? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Adam. So, listen, we are very optimistic about tthey prospects for crush for tthey rest of tthey year and into next year. And if I go by geography, as I always do, from a North American perspective, margin remains exceptionally strong in North America in tthey $45 to $50 range. As you said, with a strong vegetable oil demand, in part driven by RGD, but we had already a very good oil demand and we see more recovery of our foodservices and more reopening of tthey economy. And that continues to enhance, of course, tthey oil share of tthey crush contribution. And also, tthey tightening supplies and logistical issues in South America are allowing also U.S. soybean meal to be a little bit more competitive in global markets. We see some compression in European soy margins, maybe to $10 to $20, as prices basically from South America oil imports are pressuring crush margins, especially ttheir is tthey time of tthey year in which Argentina and Brazil are tthey most competitive. Ttheyy are in tthey middle of tthey harvest. And of course ttheyy have reduced ttheyir biodiesel mandate, so ttheyre is more oil exportable, if you will. Although, tthey beauty of our long supply chain is that, as crush margins have softened in Europe, we got tthey benefit in biodiesel and tthey RPV given that. Brazil margins continue to remain solid for domestic plants, with maybe $25 to $35, despite tthey B10 biodiesel situation. And ttheyy are expected to remain solid as ttheyy move to higtheyr B12 blend rates in tthey future starting I think in September. China margins are low due to high bean prices and lower soybean in demand. Tthey theyrd is going through a rebalance ttheyre. And at tthey moment, ttheyre is a lot of wtheyat feed being fed. And -- but we're going to go through tthey harvest of wtheyat. And I think that's something that we see with optimism going forward is that, if you look at all tthey substitutes that we were facing last year wtheyttheyr it was sorghum or canola or sun or wtheyat, ttheyy have increased ttheyir inclusion in tthey Russians. And now all those things are having eittheyr weattheyr issues or which is going to go through tthey harvest. So we see now tthey ability of soybean meal and corn inclusions to go up and that's positive as we go forward. As you mentioned on our watch list is canola margins. Ttheyy have weakened. Ttheyy were very strong in tthey first -- during tthey first half and -- but ttheyy have weakened on concern of a short drop, driven by tthey dryness in Canada. And canola margins are probably going to remain volatile until ttheyre is more certainty around tthey Canadian crop side. So two factors that we feel good about theyre is how valuable our switch capacity is, in ttheir dynamic environment margins have shifted. And also how important it is our integration our long value chain. If you think North America today is capturing it in crush and maybe less so in biodiesel in Europe, we don't capture that much in crush, but we capture it in biodiesel. So, all ttheir ability of our footprint to allow us to follow tthey margin, as it moves through tthey value chain has been very, very beneficial in ttheyse very volatile times. Adam Samuelson That's incredibly theylpful color. Thanks so much. I'll pass it on. Juan Luciano Adam, maybe on tthey first question that you mentioned, again, tthey $4 to $4.50, as I said before, just to clarify, is our baseline in which we ran tthey exercise, because that was tthey landing spot of our previous strategy. And it's not a forecast or guidance for ttheir year. Adam Samuelson Got it, that's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Ray Young Hi Ben. Ben, are you on tthey line? Operator We'll go to tthey next questioner. Your next question is from Luke Wattheyyr of Bank of America. Luke Wattheyyr Hi. Good morning. Juan Luciano Good morning, Luke. Ray Young Good morning, Luke. Luke Wattheyyr So, I wanted to ask you a few quick questions on your carbon capture projects. I think ttheyy're really interesting. Are you getting any 45Q tax credits, for tthey implementation of that technology? And now that it appears that it's commercially viable, do you intend to start tthey permitting process or working with ottheyr partners to build out and start capturing carbon at some of tthey ottheyr plants? Juan Luciano Yes. So tthey answer is, yes, to both. So we have a big permit for Decatur that we plan to of course leverage. And ttheyn, yes, we are exploring our ability to do so for ottheyr plants. We've been doing ttheir relatively quietly, Luke since 2017. And as I said before, we have stored more than 3.5 million tons, safely underground. And ttheir gives us tthey ability to start differentiating our products that we can assign some of tthey credits to some of ttheyse products and have those products be deemed low-carbon intensity product. So we have again, a big experience. We've been doing ttheir for four years, in two different facilities. And we feel very good about tthey future. And ttheir is going to be a growing part of our operations, for sure. Luke Wattheyyr And maybe just a quick follow-up on that, it -- ttheir does lower tthey carbon score -- tthey carbon -- tthey CI scores of your plants, right? Juan Luciano That's correct. Luke Wattheyyr Okay. Juan Luciano Yeah. Luke Wattheyyr Okay, great. And ttheyn, maybe just a more short-term question on Carb Solutions, it looks like you really did well ttheir quarter, particularly relative to expectations earlier ttheir year. So can you talk through tthey -- I guess, tthey delta in your expectations and how things progress through tthey quarter? And maybe talk through tthey $90 million in positioning gains that you had? And ttheyn, you also talked about normalized results for corn oil. Corn oil prices are really high right now. So are you saying that that is a bit of a new normal, because of renewable diesel? Any ottheyr color ttheyre would be great. Juan Luciano Yeah. Let me tell you why -- what -- one better if you will, as per your question. I think that ttheir was tthey quarter that we needed to restart tthey ethanol dry mills that we have taken down, due to lack of demand. And we have from a technical perspective tthey perfect start-up. And certainly, ttheyy hit tthey ground with better margins than maybe we anticipated before bringing ttheym up. Second, as we explained before, we have very good risk management that tthey team positioned very well on corn and on tthey ethanol complex. And certainly sweeteners volumes came back versus last year, as customers were preparing for tthey summer. And to a certain degree you might have to take both Q2 and Q3 togettheyr from a sweetener perspective, because I think that a lot of customers bought in anticipation of refilling ttheyir pipeline given tthey summer and tthey openness with COVID that we will go into experience in tthey U.S. So it was a strong volume month as well. Ray Young It's going to -- on your question on corn oil, we've seen convergence of corn oil with soybean oil again. Recall last year, we saw a divergence because of tthey snack foods people staying at home high demand for corn oil, which is used for frying that caused corn oil prices to move up dramatically and it diverged from soybean oil and that's what's caused a lot of tthey mark-to-market issues that we had last year. We've worked through all those issues over tthey course of tthey period. We're actually seeing right now corn oil and soybean oil really converging. And so we're turning back to, let's say, tthey normal relationship that we've seen in tthey past. Luke Wattheyyr Great. Thank you both. Operator Your next question is from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Ken Zaslow Hi. Good morning, guys. Ray Young Hi, Ken. Juan Luciano Hi, Ken. Good morning. Ken Zaslow You keep on tempting us with ttheir productivity and innovation. Can you put some color in terms of quantification on how much ttheir is going to create in not just 2021, but beyond that and how do you frame those two opportunities?  Juan Luciano Yes. Ken, I would say, if you look at our past what we have been doing over tthey last five years probably -- and if you think about translating everything we've done in productivity and innovation we were probably two-third in productivity and one-third in innovation if you will of all tthey savings we were getting. As we look at as I said before at our plan going forward, tthey contribution between productivity and innovation is equal. It's about 50-50. And it's mainly driven by all ttheyse opportunities that I mentioned not only nutrition, but all tthey ottheyr things that we're seeing wtheyttheyr it's biomaterials or renewable green diesel and all tthey ottheyr things that we've done. Again, wtheyn we look at our plan, wtheyn we start from ttheir again ttheyoretical $4 to $4.50 range and we apply all ttheyse projects that are included in productivity and innovation we see our program over tthey next five years growing in tthey high single-digit percentage every year in operating profit. So we feel very good about that. We will be having Ken in Q4 an Investor Day wtheyre we will be disclosing much more details and much more granularity about all ttheyse. But you can see some of tthey things that we're doing already wtheyttheyr we are invested in Spiritwood or tthey acquisition of Sojaprotein or tthey expansions of our plant in Valencia with Biopolis and microbiome. So all ttheyse areas are receiving organic growth dollars. Ttheir will be -- as we go forward Ken and you look at ttheir plan ttheir is more an investment plan than maybe tthey previous period was. So you will see a little bit more CapEx and a little bit more investment given tthey size of tthey opportunities. Wtheyn I was mentioning some of tthey sizes of ttheyse addressable markets we have if you added some of tthey things I was saying ttheyse are markets north of $300 billion in which we have positioned ourselves very, very well and we think that we're going to capture a nice share of those. So tthey opportunity atheyad of us is significant.  Ken Zaslow Let me just follow on. Wtheyn you're thinking about tthey high single-digit growth rate to what extent do you think that is associated with tthey improvement in -- or tthey structural improvement in RD over tthey next couple of years? And how much of that is internally creative? Juan Luciano Yes. Let me say, wtheyn I look at tthey three businesses and we move ttheym forward through tthey five years we see Ag Services and Oilseeds growth moderately, but it grows. We see Carb Solutions being flat to slightly declining in our forecasting. And ttheyn we see a strong growth in Nutrition. That's kind of tthey -- if you will tthey algorithm of how tthey business has moved. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds part -- part of that has been our own improvement, part of that has been tthey industry. Ttheyre has been some consolidations and tthey industry margins are strong. And ttheyre has been a strong demand and we trust that ttheyre's going to continue to be a strong demand. Ttheyre are 400 million people in tthey middle class in China that are consuming very much like US type of consumer. And that's driving theyalth and wellness, that's driving improving diets. And ttheyn ttheyre is sustainability that is driving a lot of tthey things that we're doing, not only RGD, because remember that before RGD, we were already having a very tight oil market based on food, on food oil. So, I think part is our structural issues and part is our own improvements that we have done over ttheyse years. Ken Zaslow Thank you very much. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Your next question is from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Michael Piken Yes. Good morning. Maybe we can dive a little bit deeper into Nutrition, and it seems like that's a good chunk of wtheyre tthey increase came from. But maybe ttheir 20% growth rate, should we expect for 2022 to expect 15% year-on-year growth from -- on top of ttheir 20% level? And ttheyn also, what categories are you seeing tthey most growth in besides plant protein? Thanks. Juan Luciano Yes. Michael, listen, wtheyn we look forward on Nutrition. Nutrition is going to grow somewtheyre in that range, between 15% and 20%. So, we said, 15% ttheir year and half into tthey year we have moved into 20%. So, something in that range. Tthey business is going very strong. We've been able to grow that revenue during ttheir quarter and we've been able to maintain margins, which it has been a very good job of controlling gross margins and EBITDA margin on sales. Our enthusiasm is not only for tthey categories in which we are positioned, but also on tthey win rates and tthey customer engagement. Our customer engagement as of -- in 2021 have doubled our customer engagement last year. And as tthey economy is reopening and foodservice become more active, customers are more willing to launch new promotions and new products, something that ttheyy were not doing before. So, we see that acceleration, wtheyttheyr it's in beverages or in theyalth and wellness or alternative proteins. So again, I think you should think conservatively 15% per year; more aggressively 20% per year. But in that range, we will be growing over tthey next few years. Michael Piken Great. And ttheyn, a follow-up question just shifting gears. Could you talk about tthey impact of tthey recent kind of Supreme Court ruling? And ttheyre's been some talks about possible changes to tthey renewable fuel standard. Maybe your thoughts on tthey growth potential or lack ttheyreof for tthey US ethanol market moving forward in light of some of ttheyse policy uncertainties? Thanks. Ray Young Yes, Mike. Yes, ttheyre's been a lot of news regarding tthey recent Supreme Court ruling and some of tthey comments from tthey EPA. Wtheyn you kind of cut through all tthey theyadlines, and try to understand like what's fundamentally happening, we still believe tthey Biden administration and tthey EPA is committed to fighting climate change and also decarbonizing tthey economy. And biofuels, frankly, is in a very important part of that agenda. So, tthey Biden administration has made it very clear that ttheyy don't intend to grant SREs or ttheyse small refinery exemptions like in tthey prior administrations. And as President Biden themself has said, they said that we should be insisting not exempting. So, we do expect tthey Biden EPA to take a very balanced approach towards granting future SREs. So, wtheyn you look at supply-demand balances going forward and you take a look at tthey RINs balances and you think about tthey recovery of driving miles as we move through tthey pandemic, our expectation is looking at supply/demand for ethanol -- for gasoline and ttheyn which translates to ethanol, we believe that it is going to result in a reasonably constructive ethanol environment for tthey industry over tthey medium-term. Now, at tthey same time, Mike it is important to note that in tthey case of our -- we've made a strategic decision to monetize our dry mills. And so, we kind of halted that process during tthey pandemic frankly, because ethanol demand was very weak. But during that period, we did look at alternatives. We took advantage to, frankly, explore ottheyr options. And ttheyre's -- frankly, as Juan talked about on tthey issue of sustainability, ttheyre's growing interest in sustainable materials and sustainable solutions. And it appears that ttheyre may be some opportunities for us to explore non-vehicle uses of ethanol and leveraging ethanol as a sustainable feedstock for ottheyr products. And so one of tthey promising areas is tthey Sustainable Aviation Fuel, SAF. With tthey airline industry moving towards effectively a low-carbon or a net-zero future, SAF appears to be an important component of how ttheyy will get ttheyre. And just for perspective, tthey US airline industry before tthey pandemic consumed 30 billion gallons of aviation fuel a year. So we are looking at tthey possibility of leveraging our Decatur carbon sequestration site, which Juan talked about, with our corn processing output as a feedstock for SAF to get towards a low-carbon SAF product. So in addition to looking at potential monetization of dry mills, we are looking at tthey SAF concept, which frankly may give us anottheyr option for finding anottheyr use of tthey dry mills and ttheyn taking those ethanol gallons off tthey vehicle market. Operator Our next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan. Juan Luciano Good morning, Tom. Tom Simonitsch Good morning, everyone. Hi. So following up on tthey Sojaprotein acquisition yesterday, can you provide some more color around how your strategy for alternative proteins varies by region? Juan Luciano Yes. I think that tthey strategy in specialty proteins is stay close to our customers and match up with capabilities and supply ttheir market that is growing very fast. Tthey market is growing north of 10% per year. So – and it's moving fast in terms of tthey products. Tthey products are continued to be improved every quarter. So we have a strong position in North America, our theyritage position in soy derivatives. Ttheyn we build our position in South America, which is very strong. I remind you that that was $0.25 billion investment so significant. Ttheyn we build pea protein capacity in North Dakota. And now we're expanding that capacity to Europe. We have a small capacity in Europe. Now with ttheir, we have bought – we have acquired tthey largest producer in Europe, which again has a great footprint of – in tthey middle of tthey non-GMO soybean harvest area but also it has a very nice set of products and ttheyy sell to 65 different countries in many, many applications. So we continue to build tthey capabilities. Ttheir will not be tthey last one that you're going to theyar in terms of announcements for specialty protein. Again, ttheir is – ttheyse are early days but it's a fast-growing market in which we have a leadership position and we pretend to – we intend to expand. Tom Simonitsch That's theylpful. And a question on China. Tthey USDA cut its China soybean import forecast ttheir month. What are you assuming for that trade in tthey near to medium term? And how would it impact your crushing footprint? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, I think that we are maybe more optimistic about China medium-term than maybe with tthey news are giving right now. China has done an exceptional job of controlling COVID. And as such, ttheyy have recovered from that very successfully. So ttheyre is a lot of economic activity and theynce demand. Ttheyy have done a terrific job in coming back from tthey ASF pandemic. Ttheyy have recovered. So ttheyy have tthey consumer and ttheyy have tthey animals to actually consume. Of course, ttheyy are very strategic in ttheyir purchases. And right now, it's not tthey time to be buying a lot of beans because beans are expensive and ttheyre is a crop in tthey US coming. And we think that that's wtheyre – wtheyn ttheyy're going to come. You also have to remember a couple of things, Tom. Over tthey last two or three weeks, we lost 15 million tons of production around tthey world due to weattheyr issues. Wtheyttheyr it was tthey drought in Canada with – that impacted canola and wtheyat, wtheyttheyr it was Russia, wtheyttheyr it was tthey impact was on sand and in wtheyat and wtheyttheyr it was tthey corn crop in Brazil because of drought, all ttheyse products are competitive products in tthey Russian to soybean meal. So those products will not be available to compete with soybean meal which will give soybean meal a higtheyr inclusion in tthey ration. And in our estimate given tthey small canola crop in Canada, we think that China will have to probably import 2 million tons of extra soybean -- soybeans to offset that canola gap that ttheyy have right now. So all in all we feel that we're still going to have strong exports -- export volumes in tthey Q4 of ttheir year from North America.  Tom Simonitsch Thanks very much. I will pass it on. Operator Your next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.  Robert Moskow Good morning. I had a question about tthey new earnings base that you're putting out ttheyre. Historically external factors can change quickly and can have a big impact on your earnings. And I want to know, what do we have to believe about tthey external environment to feel comfort that tthey earnings base is credible that it can -- that you can achieve -- that tthey earnings base is achievable under a variety of different external environments.  Juan Luciano Yes. Rob, tthey way we thought about it wtheyn we put togettheyr tthey plan is and I think I expressed some of that before is of course we look at tthey things that we can see into tthey future. You can argue tthey magnitude but we give our forecast forward and we add inflation to that. And we say some of ttheyse things may come back to tthey middle if you will or reverse to tthey means or whatever you want to call it. So, let's put tthey negative side ttheyre. So, we consider some of that. And ttheyn we look at our productivity and innovation and we said, can we build a robust enough agenda in productivity and innovation that actually can offset some of those theyadwinds wtheyttheyr ttheyy are theyadwinds on ethanol or wtheyttheyr ttheyy are whatever your favorite crush margin into tthey future or wtheyttheyr it's inflation? And we look at that and tthey result of that exercise is that productivity and innovation earnings stream coming forward offset all that potential decline that we have estimated and offset it and giving us a result that high single-digit growth rate in profits over tthey next five years. So that's tthey way we think about it. So ttheir is not a scenario in which everything goes perfect and margins are at peak level for five years. In our scenario margins normalize we have inflation and ttheyn we are able to offset a lot of that through growth and through productivity. That's what we are saying in terms of our new base.  Robert Moskow Right. And in terms of things that are going to normalize carbohydrates would be tthey first -- tthey most -- tthey biggest degree of normalization because it looks like it's going to earn $1 billion ttheir year? Juan Luciano Yes. I would say, maybe wtheyn I was answering Ken I think wtheyn we look at tthey three businesses, Nutrition provides a lot of tthey growth in that scenario of course. You have to remember, wtheyn we started reporting Nutrition yearly ttheyy were reporting about $300-and-something million. Ttheir quarter ttheyy crossed tthey barrier of $200 million. So now -- so it's significant. And you will see that in crescendo of course over tthey next few years as we reach $1 billion and beyond. Carb Solutions as you said is -- it basically declines over tthey period. And ttheyn we have a theyalthy, but not exuberant growth rate for Ag Services and Oilseeds. So all in all, wtheyn you look at our numbers it doesn't look a far-fetctheyd scenario. On tthey contrary it's a scenario that we're very confident that's why we are making it public today. And a lot of things under our control to be honest.  Robert Moskow And last question. You said that ttheyre's been consolidation in tthey soy crush industry and that is part of tthey reason for your confidence. But you are opening up a new crush plant now. Can you give a little more color about how much consolidation ttheyre's been? What do you think crush capacity looks like today compared to a few years ago? And wtheyre do you think it's going in tthey next few years from an industry perspective? Juan Luciano Yeah. Listen I think that ttheyre has been consolidation in tthey small regional players, which has been important. We have tthey example of Algar in Brazil. We also did tthey soybean joint venture with Cargill in Egypt. So -- and ttheyre have been ottheyrs around tthey industry. I think it's important to notice that we've been working in ttheir expansion, tthey Spiritwood for tthey last two years. We just announced it now. But ttheir is capacity that, of course, ttheir one is theylped by RGD. But wtheyn you think about soybean meal in North America, we need about two to three -- to offset -- 2% to 3% growth in demand every year. So we need a full-time full-fledged plant every couple of years just to keep up with demand and to be able to supply tthey growth. So we don't think that any of ttheyse build is excessive. On tthey contrary, we think that it's needed to allow demand to be fulfilled. Robert Moskow Okay. Thank you. Operator In tthey interest of time, please limit yourself to one question. Again, please limit yourself to one question Your next question is from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Ben Ttheyurer Great. Good morning, Juan, Ray, now we try it again. Thank you very much, and congrats on tthey results. Juan Luciano Good morning Ben. Ray Young Morning Ben. Ben Ttheyurer Just one question. If you could elaborate a little bit on those $90 million on positioning gains across ethanol and what's been driving that throughout tthey quarter. And is that something you think is something recurring, is ttheir a one-off? How should we think about it because it was obviously sizable within tthey segment? Thank you. Ray Young Yeah, Ben. I mean our team’s do an excellent job managing risk, right? And wtheyn you just talk about managing risk is both managing tthey risks of tthey inputs and tthey outputs. And so tthey positioning gains that we had in tthey quarter, in tthey second quarter, tthey $90 million it's a combination of what I call tthey ethanol complex, right? So it's a combination of how ttheyy're managing tthey corn, how ttheyy're managing ethanol, how ttheyy're managing RINs, all ttheyse positions. And as you know it was a very volatile quarter wtheyn you looked at tthey prices of corn and ethanol and RINs but ttheyy managed exceptionally well. And so $90 million normally ttheyy would generate risk management gains. We highlighted it ttheir quarter because ttheir was an exceptional quarter. And by tthey way it wasn't just an exceptional quarter. It was an exceptional first half of tthey year, because wtheyn you take a look at tthey first half of tthey year, ttheyy probably had positioning gains roughly with a similar amount in tthey first quarter as well. So, ttheyrefore, tthey Carb Solutions team really hit all of tthey ballpark in terms of risk management in tthey first half of ttheir year. Ben Ttheyurer So for tthey future we should expect some of it, but maybe not at tthey same magnitude. That's a fair assumption?  Ray Young Yeah. I mean, again I mean I would never ask tthey Carb Solutions team to hold back. But again ttheyy will always manage ttheyir positions exceedingly well. And I would say ttheir was probably an exceptional performance for tthey first half of tthey year. Ben Ttheyurer Okay, perfect. I’ll leave it theyre. Thank you very much for squeezing me in again. Ray Young Thank you Ben. Operator Your next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Steve Haynes Hi. Ttheir is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Maybe I could just squeeze a quick one in on tthey biosolutions business portfolio. You talked about some of tthey ottheyr growth things. And you've announced -- you've made some announcements already in terms of some partnerships and agreements. But can you I guess maybe just theylp us think about going forward wtheyre your any specific target growth areas would be within that business? Juan Luciano Yeah. Listen that is a business that to a certain degree started from a customer pool. We discovered one day that a lot of tthey products that we were selling in Carb Solutions were finding ttheyir way into non-food applications, non-beverage application. So now we have started with a new team on a more proactive approach to that. So we have a market based approach wtheyre we're targeting things like construction and pharmaceuticals and cosmetics and ottheyr products. And we've been very successful. Ttheir team has been growing – ttheyy have been growing sales about 10 – at tthey 10% click. Ttheyse are very profitable opportunities and opportunities that at ttheir point in time require no capital, because ttheyse are existing products going into new applications. So we have hired experts, marketing experts, and technical experts to be able to sell ttheyse into new applications. And we fill in an incredible customer pool. Every CEO or company out ttheyre that is announcing ttheir de-carbonization goal's for 2040 or whatever needs to shift to plant-based materials from oil based in order to de-carbonize. And we are tthey largest company in that space with tthey ability to provide tthey broadest footprint of products. So you will continue to see growth ttheyre, and we are just getting started. That will be my comment. We cannot talk a lot about – as you can understand about our customer engagement, because ttheyse are confidential agreements that we have and a lot of ttheyse tthey customers don't want to disclose what ttheyy are doing. Steve Haynes All right. Thank you. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Your next question is from Ben Kallo of Baird. Ben Kallo Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. Tthey first one is just on South America gross margin. Could you just talk about, if ttheyre's a structural change or is it just a temporary change as it relates to biodiesel theyadwinds? And ttheyn tthey second question is on M&A. I know you just did a deal so congratulations on that. But on larger acquisition front from your experience one as – are ttheyre targets out ttheyre? And ttheyn two, is it easier for tthey theyavy lifting of integration to do a large acquisition than tthey smaller tuck-in ones like you announced yesterday? Thank you. Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Ben. So let me address South America first. So, of course, our bigger participation is Brazil. It has been a tough year for Brazil ttheir first half of tthey year in general. We expect second half of tthey year to have tthey possibility to be a little better. Biodiesel is B12 now and that has been confirmed. We'll have to see tthey first auctions ttheyre. So crush margins are better. Domestic margins are $25 to $30 per ton export is about $10. Bottle oil and volumes and prices are better in tthey last two months. We started tthey year tough ttheyre. Remember that, ttheir is a society that is going through tthey tougtheyr parts of COVID. So demand is difficult ttheyre. But we have seen an improvement. Domestic meal tthey market is also paying for tthey higtheyr soybeans. So that's good. We have – Brazil has reduced exports of corn of course, because of tthey drought. But tthey domestic market is paying tthey premium. So Brazil is not going to run out of corn, and it's importing a little bit from Brazil. So I would say in general with oil – domestic oil being supported and tthey volumes being ttheyre and with biodiesel going back to B12, we expect tthey second half of tthey year to be a little bit better than maybe what tthey first half was. Ben Kallo And ttheyn tthey second question on M&A, just on targets and appetite for a larger deal and ttheyn tthey integration of smaller deals versus many smaller deals versus tthey large ones? Juan Luciano Yeah. You know that, we've been relatively quiet. We continue to be very selective about ttheir because valuations are in general for some properties are a little bit too high. So it – ttheir needs to be a perfect fit into our portfolio. And tthey perfect combination of things with Sojaprotein is in terms of tthey footprint, tthey complementarily of tthey geographic nature of it and tthey quality of management, and tthey assets and tthey products. In terms of what is easier to integrate, I think that sometimes bolt-ons are a little bit easier. We find ttheyy fit better in a business that is already structured. Wtheyn you bring a large company you need more adjustments on both sides if you will, if you think about some of ttheyse companies that have continued to operate in ADM almost like with tthey same agility ttheyy were operating before, wtheyttheyr you say Protexin or Biopolis and some of ttheyse companies. So I think that tthey smaller companies are probably an easy tuck-in than maybe large companies. Large companies take us a little bit longer.  Ben Kallo Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Juan Luciano  You’re welcome. Operator Your next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Ben Bienvenu Hi. Thanks. Good morning everyone. I appreciate you squeezing me in. Juan Luciano  Hi, Ben. Ben Bienvenu One quick one from me. You talked about tthey operational flexibility to shift and flex between softseed crushing and oilseed crushing. Wtheyn you think about tthey backdrop for oilseed crushing margins across all your geographies, but in North America in particular wtheyre things are quite strong, those strong driven by soybean oil ttheir go around, do you think tthey market is able to digest appropriately switching from a higtheyr oil yield to a higtheyr meal yield given tthey kind of relative softness in tthey meal market? And just how do you think about toggling between those two crush capacities in a market like ttheir? Juan Luciano Listen at ttheir point in time, we are seeing good demand for both products. So, of course, as you know, ttheyre is a big pull from oil. Ttheyre has been a big pull for oil. And ttheyn RGD is increasing a little bit of that, but our ability to place tthey mill given our footprint and our commercial operations is very strong. So that gives us a lot of confidence for North America for tthey second half. Listen let me be clear. Tthey Oilseeds and Ag Services business will have a very strong year much better than last year and we expect a strong second half as well that will drive tthey company to earnings that we never had before certainly. And certainly, we'll be probably on tthey higtheyr side or maybe outside tthey range of 4 to 4.50 that I mentioned before that was tthey previous landing spot of our strategy. That's what we're seeing at tthey moment. So tthey year started strong and we think that tthey second half will be very strong. Okay. Very good. Thank you Juan and best of luck in tthey back half. Operator Your final question is from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners. Eric Larson Yes. Good morning everyone. I hope everybody is doing well. Juan Luciano Good morning, Eric. Ray Young Thank you, Eric. Eric Larson So, on tthey -- I know we're short on time, I'll make ttheir question pretty quick and pretty direct. It's really going back I think a little to maybe Adam's first question, maybe drilling down on some demand functions theyre in tthey near term. Obviously, you've addressed tthey global biodiesel markets, what's going on ttheyre tthey US ethanol all tthey job owning of RFS and all that stuff. But people are talking about some chinks in tthey armor in some of tthey Chinese demand at least in tthey near term. Ttheyy've walked away from a little bit of corn imports in July, which has bought a tthembleful, and I think it spooked tthey market. But I think tthey real issue theyre is ASF in China -- have ttheyy had a major setback in that? And we just don't know what to kind of believe what's coming out of ttheyre. And now you've had tthey floods in China that's impacted about 10% of ttheyir growing area has killed a lot of hogs. Is that -- is some of tthey near-term demand function a piece of tthey Chinese AFS problems that ttheyy're having?  Juan Luciano I think that, of course, as you described, ttheyre are many issues going on and ttheyre is a little bit of a transition theyre. But tthey reality is that pork prices have come down, that will incentivate demand. But you also need to understand that, in tthey -- during tthey ASF, people get to eat more poultry as well. And we have seen that demand growth. We think that wtheyn we have a better supply and ctheyaper supply of soybeans, things will come back a little bit more to normal. Wtheyn we ctheyck with our customers over ttheyre, fundamentally, nothing has changed. And if you look at tthey -- as I said tthey middle class in China and you look at tthey indicators of that, which is tthey consumption of tthey big four protein, ttheyy are all higtheyr than prepandemic levels. So tthey consumer is ttheyre, tthey animals are ttheyre to be fed. And I think that tthey rest is just a matter of tactical approactheys, wtheyttheyr we had tthey big run-up in hog prices in China, ttheyn tthey government intervened to try to control that. Now ttheyy are lower. Ttheyy said more wtheyat. I think that's going to shift to include more soybean in tthey portfolio -- in tthey inclusion. So, we think that at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyre may be many monthly gyrations, but over time, protein consumption continues to go up and ttheyy will import more soybeans to actually satisfy that demand. So, we feel very confident about tthey future of tthey demand in China. Vikram Luthar Thanks. We do seriously have reactheyd tthey queues. We have small issues throughout tthey areas and ttheyy have to supplement it with meals at some point. So, thank you, everybody for sharing. Operator Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Luthar for any closing remarks. End of Q&A Vikram Luthar Thank you. Slide 14 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As Juan has already mentioned in tthey Q&A, we'd also like to announce that we will be hosting a Global Investor Day in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, during which we will be talking more about tthey next phase of our growth. More particulars, including tthey specific date and format will be forthcoming. As always please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.