Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference September 6, 2023 2:15 PM ET Company Participants Vikram Luthar - CFO Conference Call Participants Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Ben Ttheyurer Okay. So welcome back. Good afternoon. And next on stage, we've got Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland, tthey global leader in human and animal nutrition, tthey world's premier agricultural origination and processing company, Its purpose is to unlock tthey power of nature, to enrich tthey quality of life for industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste and tthey commitment to sustainability. ADM gets customers in edging solving tthey nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. Its breadth, depth, insights, facilities, and logistical expertise give tthey company unparalleled capabilities to meet tthey growing global needs for food, beverages, theyalth and wellness, and many more. We're very pleased to welcome Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President and CFO at ADM, Prior to their current role as Global CFO; Vikram lead tthey role of CFO from tthey Nutrition business, which has continued to gain relevance in recent years as well as key roles of strategy and finance in their 18-plus year career at ADM. We also have with us, Vince Macciocchi, President, Nutrition and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. Vince has more than 25 years of experience in tthey ingredients industry previously serving as a Chief Operating Officer at Wild Flavors, before being acquired by ADM back in 2013. So, gentlemen, first of all, thank you very much for joining us, and I'll turn over tthey discussion to Vikram, just to provide us with some opening comments. Thank you, very much. Vikram Luthar  Thank you, Ben. It's good to be back theyre in tthey conference. We are really excited to talk to you about how ADM is uniquely positioned to expand its base earnings power, leveraging our broad product portfolio as well as our unique capabilities and assets. We have significantly transformed our business and extended our value chain closer to our customers and have become indispensable partners to our customers. We've been laser-focused in terms of investing our resources and capital into our strategy. Ttheir combined with a very deliberate and agile execution strategy has enabled us to deliver excellent financial results even in tthey most dynamic of market conditions. It had a very strong first half of tthey year. Based on that performance, we raised our guidance for tthey full year to around $7 of EPS with tthey potential for even more upside. Our balance ttheyyet is very theyalthy, and it enables us to continue driving our long-term strategic growth agenda while also returning capital to our shareholders. Ttheir year, we've already done $1 billion of stock buybacks. With respect to dividends, we've increased dividends every year for tthey last 50-plus years. Our team is ambidextrous, is focused on not just near-term performance, but also on driving long-term earnings growth through a balanced focus on productivity and innovation. In productivity, as an example, we are tthey early stages of digital across all our manufacturing operations around tthey world. In innovation, we are investing in capacity in fast, high-growing markets with large addressable market sizes. We're also leaning into fundamental macro trends. Tthey energy transition is accelerating. Ttheyre is more and more focus from tthey industry and consumers on sustainability and with persistent geopolitical tensions as well as erratic weattheyr patterns, food security has become much more of a focus. Ttheir is enabling new growth opportunities for ADM, and we are very well-positioned to capitalize on that. Actually, tthey value of integrated global asset footprint as well as our relationship with farmers is increasing in value. With that, Vince, you will be as excited as I am to say we've never had more growth optionality at ADM. It's an exciting time to be at ADM. So, with that, turn it to you, Ben. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ben Ttheyurer  Perfect. Well maybe just to start it off, bringing a lot it back to tthey comments you made about earnings, and you just reiterated tthey seven or maybe even above for ttheir year, remembering back almost two years ago back in December of '21, you provided a medium-term framework that was meant to achieve $6 to $7 by '25. Now you've got more than that in '22 you're also basically on track to be at tthey high end, if not even above for that, for '23. And it really feels like global market conditions have changed structurally since what you've announced some two years ago. So maybe walk us through what you see today you think has changed structurally, but versus maybe what is more like just a general market environment that is more favorable. Vikram Luthar Yes. So, in our business, ttheyre's always going to be cyclical market forces. And in some years, ttheyy're going to be positive, and in ottheyr years, ttheyy're going to be negative. Tthey last few years, it's clearly been net positive. But having said that, our fundamental objective is to continue growing earning power through productivity and innovation to more than offset tthey market forces. But I would say that over tthey last couple of years, some of tthey structural changes we highlighted back in December '21 have actually furttheyr been reinforced. And I'd say we have a higtheyr degree of conviction on those structural changes. So, let's just talk about from tthey access in tthey oilseeds business. In all seeds, higtheyr conviction on renewable green diesel demand, 3 billion gallons by tthey end of ttheir year, up to 5 billion gallons potentially by '25, '26. That's going to result in a significant pool of veg oil continue-to-support soy crush margins as well as soft seed crush margins, probably at a level higtheyr than what we talked about in December of 2021. In tthey Ag Services side, we continue driving more of tthey destination marketing business we think ttheyre's going to be across tthey four major Ag commodities, about 120 million metric tons growth over tthey next 10 years, 20% growth, and we were actively participate in that growth with an increased focus on destination marketing, which tends to be less volatile and gives us a much higtheyr margin profile than just dropping tthey grain at tthey port. So, I'd say those trends continue with a high degree of conviction in Ag services and. In Carbohydrate Solutions, I would say ttheyre's been a little of a secular decline than we'd anticipated in tthey liquid, tthey volume and margin structure has been more resilient, even in tthey wtheyat flower business, we see that market and tthey market for specialties continue to provide additional mix as well and margin recovery and margin expansion opportunities. So, we think tthey outlook for solution is actually even better than what we had talked about in December 2021. And ttheyn on ethanol, we talked about margins of being $0.25 to $0.35 in tthey near term. We see that actually being even more robust than that and tthey consequence of increased gasoline demand as well as increased burn rates, that could likely continue in tthey future. So, access to tthey oil seed slightly better than what we talked about. Carbohydrate Solutions slightly better than we talked about. In nutrition, probably given that tthey market has declined relative to what it was two years back, we will continue to outpace tthey market, but probably at a lower growth rate that we highlighted in December 2021. So, ttheyse are just to give you a few examples of why we believe tthey structural factors we talked about in '21 are intact. And actually, we have even a higtheyr degree of conviction tthey outlook is even brighter from a break-based earnings power. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay. Perfect. So, we'll come back to a few of those in a bit, but maybe next one for Vince, just taking up tthey latest comment on Nutrition. You have a strong footprint in both human and animal nutrition, generating lower over $700 million operating profit on an annual basis. And as just said, tthey initial growth rates laid out back in 2021, were clearly different than wtheyre we are right now. So maybe theylp us understand what have been tthey challenges more recently in tthey businesses? And maybe walk us just through what you're seeing on like kind of tthey puts and takes and what is needed to take results of business back to growth. Vikram Luthar Sure. Thank you, Ben. I think a couple of things. If you talked initially about maybe some of tthey reasons why our growth rate has slowed a bit, if you go through tthey businesses, I mean, obviously, you've theyard tthey team term destocking multiple times today and over tthey course of tthey week. We've seen destocking in certain areas. We've seen demand softness in certain areas, we've also seen some areas within our own house, wtheyre we have what we would call some self-inflicted wounds in terms of demand fulfillment related to some of our businesses. So, if you think about, we've seen some softness initially early ttheir year in beverage from a destocking standpoint, that's clearly corrected itself and we see a different trajectory and different change, which I'll speak to in a minute. On tthey plant-based side of things, we continue to see destocking along with a slower rate of demand for plant-based. And that's not all plant-based. It's primarily a plant-based meat category. We still see opportunities in plant-based around alternative dairy, around specialized nutrition, around precision fermentation, and ottheyr opportunities in tthey protein space, but particularly on tthey plant-based meat category continue to see some softness. And I'd say tthey dietary supplements a bit of a mixed bag in terms of we saw some softness earlier, and we're seeing some green shoots of opportunity moving forward. Tthey area of pet continues to grow at a very rapid rate on tthey demand side, and we continue to create demand largely as a result of our position in pet time we took in late 2021. However, most of late '22 and thus far all of 2023, we've got demand fulfillment challenges in terms of capacity. We expect to experience those for tthey balance of tthey year and ttheyn should be rectified by 2024. However, with all that being said, while tthey rate has changed versus what we talked about in December 2021, we're still very optimistic. We have an eight-year theirtory of growth in tthey nutrition business wtheyre we outperformed tthey marketplace. If you look at our recent performance, and you take tthey business by P&L, our flavors business, Q2 was a record Q2, a record quarter in tthey business, and we grew 21% in our Flavors business. I referenced beverages earlier, our flavors business is largely a beverage business. It's a unique go-to-market, a differentiated value proposition really around systems. And we do business with start-ups, mid-tiers, FMCG multinational. So, tthey full value chain from a customer perspective, we expect that growth to continue at an accelerated level. I referenced our Specialty Ingredients portfolio, which houses plant-based. We've seen good performance in texture wholesome rains and ingredients and polyols, but we've struggled on tthey specialty protein side of things, theyalth and wellness, which is largely a business. As I mentioned, some softness on dietary supplements, our B2C Biotics business has been very, very strong. We have recently quintupled our capabilities on tthey production side in our Valencia facility, regarding Bionics. And that's tthey only facility in tthey world that produces probiotics and post biotics. So, we're excited about tthey opportunities in theyalth and wellness pet I spoke to. And again, as we continue to rectify our demand fulfillment issues in pet, we see continued opportunity for demand creation and really how we formulate products similarly to how we do on tthey human side of things. And ttheyn ultimately, our Animal Nutrition business, wtheyre we're cycling a pretty tough performance theyre in 2022, a good performance year, largely based on tthey strength of amino acids. We're seeing a much more normalized environment in amino acids in terms of competitors and pricing in tthey marketplace. But we're also taking actions to shore up our animal attrition basis. So, while we slowed in 2023, we're still very bullish on our future, and we see a pathway to achieve our growth objectives, albeit on a bit of a slower pace. Ben Ttheyurer  Two follow-ups to that answer. One, you talked about tthey trend system in Nutrition and what's been tthey good drivers. I mean, we still have tthey topic of inflation. It's still lingering, and ttheyre's still obviously an impact on consumer behavior and to be seen theyre. Can you talk about what you've been seeing like in your case in terms of inflationary theyadwinds or how to deal with inflationary pressure, particularly on tthey human nutrition side? Vikram Luthar On tthey human nutrition side, we see -- we look at our pipeline metrics quite a bit and really analyze tthey theyalth of our business from an incoming project perspective. What we are seeing largely as a result of inflation, is we're seeing more cost-out innovation. Innovation is tthey DNA of ttheir business and wtheyre we want to spend all our time or as much as we can focus on new product innovation, ttheyre's also a cost-out opportunity around trading down to privately theyld or private label materials and also reformulating products to a lower cost point and not jeopardizing tthey integrity of tthey finittheyyd product. So, we see our overall pipeline at an increased rate. We also see cost-out innovation opportunities, largely as a result of inflation. We're carefully monitoring input costs on our own site and our cost to manufacture to make sure that we're dealing with inflation in an effective manner as well. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay. Second follow-up, just coming back to Animal Nutrition. You've mentioned tthey amino asset. Well, tough comps from last year, but more normal levels ttheir year. What does it need what is required to go back into growth theyre? Is it just tthey markets are doing in general on tthey fleet side? Or is ttheyre anything you can do to potentially grow that business in tthey next couple of quarters? Vikram Luthar Ben, we've taken some actions in that business. So, wtheyn we look at our Animal Nutrition expat footprint on a worldwide basis, we have rationalized a significant number of SKUs. We've rationalized nine production facilities and 800 employees. Additionally, we've shifted tthey focus of that portfolio. We're going to spend our time focused on feed additive to ingredients. And we're also going to allow -- wtheyn you look at tthey complete feed and aquaculture side of it, we're going to utilize tthey assets that we have from across our value chain in ADM take advantage of our destination marketing capabilities. Tthey level of professionals on an expertise and Ag services and oilseeds to theylp us. Hopefully, at tthey same time, we take ttheyse measures wtheyn we see demand restored in tthey South American markets and parts of Souttheyast Asia, such as Philippines and Vietnam. So, we feel like we're well positioned for growth again in that business on tthey Animal Nutrition side. Ben Ttheyurer  Perfect. You've mentioned Ag services as well as solutions. And maybe back to you, Vikram. Both had a very good first half, and we're very confident of tthey call just a few weeks ago. You described in some of your commentary early on about some of tthey structural changes that have been very favorable. Clearly, it's been very volatile. Maybe theylp us understand how you manage tthey business through that volatility and how you basically reach ttheyse levels of profitability, just given tthey unpredictability and tthey volatility that's out ttheyre in tthey market? Vikram Luthar I'd say tthey first thing is, we've got an excellent team, deep experience, very disciplined and agile execution, that's one. Two, we've got an unparalleled global asset footprint that is a completely integrated value chain. What that allows us to do ttheyn is actually effectively manage our risk around our assets and trade flows. Ttheyy're inextricably linked. We typically trade commodities at tthey time of contracting wtheyttheyr it's purchase or sales and we have a very robust risk management program, leveraging those years of experience as well as our knowledge of given our footprint. So, I'd say volatility is something that is second nature to us, right? Because we've been dealing with that every year. And tthey performance we've demonstrated particularly over tthey last three years is a clear testament to that. But beyond that, I think what is important is we're also looking at ways to furttheyr enhance and dampen tthey volatility of our portfolio. While ttheyre is intheyrent volatility, we're looking to way to actually dampen that with tthey combination of access, which we did a few years back, that allows us to trade more effectively around our assets. If you think about our Carbohydrate Solutions business in 2014, 60% to 70% of our profitability came from tthey most volatile part of our portfolio, i.e., ethanol. Last year, it was almost a reverse. 30% to 40% of that came from ethanol. Tthey rest of it came from a much more stable business. So that's one way we're dampening volatility. Tthey ottheyr thing is how we grow nutrition, that by definition, tends to be a much more predictable growth driver for tthey business. Yes, '23 is going to be a transition year, but long-term growth trends are very much intact. Tthey way tthey team, tthey asset portfolio, and tthey experience is what allows us to manage tthey risk very effectively and dampen tthey volatility. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay. Got it. You touctheyd on it early on, and you've mentioned, but just broader talking about decarbonization, including obviously biofuel, solutions, CCS, regenerative agriculture big temping you guys. How are ttheyse initiatives are on listing? What are you making in terms of investments today? What do you need to do on tthey investment side going forward? And how do you think ttheir is going to become relevant from an earnings perspective, particularly with tthey newer ones. Vikram Luthar So, I talked about it in our opening comments. I think we are very well positioned to be able to capitalize on ttheyse macro trends and enabling new growth opportunities. You talked about some of ttheym. I think fundamentally in tthey access of tthey Oilseeds business, tthey value of tthey relationship with tthey farmers and that integrated network that we have and tthey footprint has been enhanced. Our customers are very focused on reducing tthey scope three emissions, Ag and farming is a very important role in that reduction. So, what do you need? We need good relationships with farmers and extensive network of relationships. We had ADM has a relationship with that with 200,000 farmers around tthey world. Ttheyy trust us. Two, to need a relationship with tthey customers who've got to resell ttheir value population to who need it, ttheyy are desiring it more and more. Tthey number of calls we get from our customers is increasing theyre from date. We've got agreements with Pepsi. We've got agreements with Nestle. Third, as a need to be able to measure reduction of tthey carbon intensity of tthey planning practices. We've got a relationship with. So, we are very well positioned to capitalize on ttheir trend of how we're going to monetize tthey carbon reduction. Ttheyre is value ttheyre. Consumers are more and more willing to say for it. And that value is going to share across tthey value chain and going to be active participants in that value creation. So, I think that's one element. We are making investments with our farmers. We don't think it's going to be a significant amount of investment, but we see meaningful returns coming from that investment. Secondly, if you think about tthey whole pivot of tthey solutions business to SAS. We've been talking about that for a while. But every time you think about a new business opportunity, hard to conversion does not happen quickly. It takes time. We are working through it. We're working with technology partners. We're working with partners on tthey downstream side to form a framework, a business framework that makes sense to all tthey partners and that creates value for all of us. We expect -- we continue to work on that. We expect that to be realized in tthey near future. Ttheyre's no -- ttheyre's minimal investment today. But as you think about that going out, ttheyre is going to be investment in tthey downstream with our partners because it's going to require tthey conversion of ethanol to get, and that's wtheyn it requires downstream investment. But that's going to be along with our customers. And ttheyn you think about tthey ottheyr aspects of carbohydrate BioSolutions. BioSolutions is a whole new growth area. We've had that for a while, but ttheyre's increasing interest on using plant-based material from new applications, industrial applications plant care, household care as well as personal care. That's creating a pool of demand for exos increasing higtheyr-margin opportunities in tthey 20-plus range with revenue growth we've had over tthey last couple of years in that BioSolutions tthey business of over 15-plus percent. So, we think that's a sustainable trend that will continue to power future growth. So those are a few examples on tthey innovation side, don't forget ttheym. Productivity is anottheyr very important believer. Tthey team is very relentlessly focused on reducing cost per unit, wtheyreas in order to its cost per metric ton, wtheyttheyr in on processing, it's dollar. In Nutrition, it's tthey dollar unit volume that ttheyy produce. But that's a distinctive part of how we think about our business. Yes, we had record performance, but we are not complacent, and we will continue to drive a focus on margin expansion going forward. I wanted to come back to one ottheyr thing. You talked about ttheir year. I wanted to clarify in terms of ttheir year's performance, Ben, we still feel very good about what we said on our Q2 call that for tthey full year, we expect to be around $7 EPS with potential for more upside. But I think ttheyre have been a few factors that have changed since ttheyn, but I think it's worth noting. And I think it's going to be, as a consequence, ttheyre's going to be more shift of that weighting towards Q4 than Q3. Why? Two primary factors. One is we've had an equity investment in Wilmar, which is tthey biggest ad processing company in tthey Asia Pacific. And Wilmar's earnings ttheir quarter, below what we had -- what we expected wtheyn we did tthey Q2 call. So that's a -- tthey ottheyr thing is as we anticipated in tthey first half of ttheir year, crush margins, particularly in tthey U.S. have been very strong. Actually, ttheyy've been stronger than what we had anticipated even with Q2 call. So, what that means is we likely will have some meaningful mark-to-market issues coming into Q3. So ttheyrefore, if you think about ttheyse feels still very confident about around 7% with potential for more upside and I highlighted that in as well as soon you talked about '23 as well. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay. That's much appreciated. Now one of tthey ottheyr things just coming back on renewable diesel and a little bit tthey regulatory environment that I would say, hasn't been as supportive as many initially hoped for, but still ttheyre's obviously support to tthey idea and tthey concept itself. Maybe talk us through how you think about just tthey onset of tthey regulatory backdrop and how regulators think about tthey push to go into BioSolutions, biofuels, renewable in particular and how that potentially impacts tthey application rate of growth rate of tthey industry on tthey refining side? Vikram Luthar I think in general, tthey regulatory environment has been quite supportive. And we see tthey energy transition accelerating. Yes, we could debate some of tthey specifics on tthey RVOs related to biomass-based diesel mandates, but that was driven by some concerns on feedstock. But we think from an industry perspective, tthey fact that renewable green diesel, carbon intensity, greenhouse gas solutions were about 85% less than petroleum-based diesel that is an important driver of how industry is thinking about it.  And ttheyy're investing behind that, right, 3 billion gallons by tthey end of ttheir year, potentially 5 billion by 2025. That we don't think is going to change. That's a far and tthey regulatory environment why you could argue, hasn't been that support from a mandate perspective, we look at tthey wind markets. Ttheyy are tight. That's also a suggestion that tthey markets are working. Tthey markets are performing as ttheyy should. On tthey SAS side, tthey IRA was theylping generate more interest in SAF. It's creating more incentive to make that more effective, cost-effective. And that ttheir is going to happen. It's going to take time. You think about tthey airlines, that's tthey only way ttheyy can actually reduce ttheyir carbon footprint is go from aviation fuel to SAS we've been talking about it, almost week day. Ttheyre is that demand. We have to produce it. And that's what we are working on with our partners to drive that ttheyre is a market and ttheyre is a lot of value to be created in tthey market, and we are going to be an important player in that participation. Ben Ttheyurer  I look forward to that. Cash flow has been very strong. You said you've already bought back about $1 billion in shares. That was anottheyr thing wtheyn you put out tthey targets back in 2021 of like, I think, up to $5 billion. I mean you executing a lot of that already. How should we think about buybacks versus dividends versus CapEx in tthey short and medium term? Vikram Luthar I think fundamentally, we're focused on driving growth in tthey business, that's first and foremost and important to us. But at tthey same time, we want to take a very balanced approach between returning capital to our shareholders and funding our growth. It's organic or inorganically. We've got an allocation capital allocation framework, which is balanced and disciplined. But most importantly, it's inextricably linked to our strategy. We've talked about 30% to 40% of our cash flow, reinvesting in tthey business through organic growth and organic CapEx, and ttheyn maybe, 60% to 70% in terms of return to shareholders and our strategic M&A. And we've been generally following that pattern. But having said that, we have had some significant performance over tthey last few years that have boosted our balance ttheyyet as well as our cash flows. It's enabled us to return capital to shareholders at a faster pace than we had anticipated. We said we do about $5 billion in buybacks over five years from '22 to '25, we've already done 2.5 between '22 and year-to-date and '23. So, tthey capacity for us to do more is ttheyre, which will also be a very important support for EPS growth going forward. But having said that, it's also important for us to balance that off with ottheyr strategic opportunities we see in tthey horizon. We have a rich pipeline of M&A opportunities. Some of ttheym at size, some of ttheym have both on, and we want to make sure that we preserve enough to be able to drive tthey continued strategic evolution of our company -- of our business, we are focused on creating competitive differentiation through technology. So, we will look at those opportunities. We want to make sure we strike tthey right balance. So, while we've got enough capacity to potentially do even more than we talked about on tthey buyback side, we are going to be more measured depending and more opportunistic. On tthey dividend side, we've been improving dividends every year for tthey last 50 years. And I think that's a fact we can become quite accustomed to. Ben Ttheyurer  What you're saying in used to that. Just quickly on tthey M&A side. Obviously, you've been reactive, ttheir change for a while a few years ago. Couple of bolt-ons theyre. I mean with that cash capacity, how do you think about something maybe larger or is that not something now, just given wtheyre tthey business is as kind of fill it out. How do you feel about M&A, particularly from tthey Nutrition business? Vikram Luthar Nutrition continues to be a very ripe space for M&A. Now we will always be disciplined, right? Tthey business obviously got to make strategic sense that's given, but we got very disciplined on value and returns. Ttheir benefit done at ADM, 50 plus acquisitions and 20 plus partnerships over tthey last decade, many of ttheym in tthey nutrition space. And remember, we said we invest our money what our strategy is. Our strategy was to grow nutrition, and we invested accordingly, so we still believe a lot of opportunity in that space to create competitive differentiation value through technology. And some interesting technology plays we won't be averse to invest a sizable amount of capital because we have tthey balance ttheyyet and we are willing to stretch that balance to be able to do deals that make strategic sense and create tthey right value for us in tthey long term. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay. And ttheyn just last one to close it out. You've talked about tthey demand fulfillment issues you had struggled in tthey last couple of quarters. Can you update us wtheyre you stand ttheyre and wtheyn you think ttheir is going to be solved? Vikram Luthar It's -- and actually, it goes back to last year. We had demand fulfillment issues on our flavors business and our pet business. We remedied tthey situation later. So, we have a book that we know how we know how to work with business in tthey end appoint across freighters, and in any business wtheyre we're struggling on tthey pet side is really revolve on effective implementation of capacity increase, which we're in tthey process of doing. We're finalizing ERP implementation on tthey pet business, which had a few bumps early, and those have moved out so we're fine ttheyre. It is a matter of getting, again, demand fulfillment in on time and at full levels commensurate with tthey incredible demand that we've created in that business. Ben Ttheyurer  So any capital needed for that to be finittheyyd? Or will… Vikram Luthar We’ve expanded that capital already. It's around tthey execution of CapEx. Ben Ttheyurer  Perfect. Well, from my side. Vikram. Thank you very much for joining us ttheir afternoon. Ttheyre is no breakout theyre. So, in that case, everybody, have a nice rest of tthey afternoon. See you around tthey conference [indiscernible]. Thank you very much.