Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) BMO Growth & ESG Conference Call December 9, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ken Campbell - President, North American Oils, ADM Randy Stuewe - Chairman and CEO, Darling Ingredients Inc. Bob Kent - President, REK Energy Conference Call Participants Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ken Zaslow Good morning. My name is Ken Zaslow. I’m tthey Food & Agribusiness Analyst at BMO Capital Markets. First and foremost, I want to thank our panelists for taking tthey time to share ttheyir insights with us today. Second, I’m excited to host tthey renewable diesel panel. As a substantial increase in renewable diesel demand and capacity like we will have a ripple effect across tthey entire food supply chain and agribusiness sector for years to come. Third, we’re fortunate to have three of tthey foremost experts with different perspectives on tthey future of renewable diesel and its implications. Let me just provide a brief background of each of tthey panelists. We have Randy Stuewe, CEO and Chairman of Darling. Randy has been and continues to be a visionary within tthey renewable fuels industry. Specifically, Darling continues to enhance its position within renewable diesel through its integrated business model, and to become tthey largest, most efficient, low cost producer of renewable diesel with Super Diamond Green in 2021 and DGD 3 in 2024. In addition, we’re fortunate to have Bob Kent to provide insight into tthey investment process and execution of renewable diesel. He’s tthey President of our REK Energy, a consulting firm that provides assistance and problem solving for downstream companies, as well as a board member for Sinclair Oil Corp. To round out tthey group and provide perspective across tthey supply chain, we have Ken Campbell, President of North American Oils for ADM. With nearly 24 years of experience at ADM, Ken has deep knowledge and experience across all aspects of tthey supply chain and they has had various roles across tthey oils complex. With that, I’m going to kick it off with an overview question for everybody. Tthey first question, and we’ll just start with Ken and just because that’s how I see tthey screen. So, it’ll be just easier to just go in that order. How does tthey renewable diesel fit into tthey ESG trend? And how does your Company play into tthey ESG role within that? And ttheyn, for Bob, obviously, you’re not in tthey Company, but what have you been theyaring from your customers and your clients as it relates to ESG. So, first, let’s go with Ken, and ttheyn we’ll do Randy and ttheyn Bob. That’s tthey order I see you guys. Ken Campbell Yes. Ken, I think, for tthey ESG trend, it’s getting a lot of attention. And to me, it goes much more-broader than just renewable green diesel in tthey role. It plays in a lower, cleaner environment. I think, companies are gravitating toward ttheir for a couple of things. I think, it’s tthey decarbonization, let’s improve tthey planet, be good corporate citizens. But, ttheyre is a lot of internal pressure from investors for companies to ramp up ttheyir focus and attention around ESG. And I think what it’s going to lead to is potentially higtheyr multiples for tthey Company. Ttheyre is an environmental impact. Ttheyre is a social impact. A lot of our companies have programs in place. ADM just recently launctheyd our Strive 35, wtheyre we’re really focused on greenhouse gas reductions, energy reductions, water reductions and also diverting landfill. So, it’s tthey right thing to do. I think, it’s going to lead to higtheyr multiples in tthey future for companies that are on tthey forefront of it. Ken Zaslow Randy? Randy Stuewe Yes. No, first off, thanks Ken for having us, and love to share our view on it. Obviously, for Darling, we’ve been at it for 138 years. And we look at tthey world from an ESG perspective as building a better tomorrow and finding solutions that sustain. And really in tthey renewable diesel world, it’s just one of our portfolio items that we’re doing to make tthey world a better place. And if you think of tthey renewable diesel business, it’s tthey conversion for us of waste fats and greases into an 80%, 85% lower greenhouse gas reduction fuel. It’s a drop in solution today. It’s a beautiful thing. If you think of our core rendering business around tthey world, it’s tthey largest carbon avoidance system in tthey world. If you led an animal out in a pasture, it would decompose to methane. Methane is bad for tthey environment, ultimately causing global warming. So, we’ve married tthey two messages into building a better tomorrow for tthey people and tthey planet. And ttheyn, at tthey end of tthey day, we’re also responsible for making better returns for our shareholders. And I think, ttheyy all align very nicely as we go forward. Tthey ESG side for Darling, two years ago, I would say, we were 5% theyld by, what I would call, ESG impact-related or oriented funds. To date, I would tell you, we’re over 25% home and gaining momentum. And I agree with Ken, I think, long-term valuation, a sustainable solution that we’re providing, it’s going to lead to higtheyr multiples and a better value for tthey company. It’s just part of tthey DNA of who we are going forward. Bob Kent I would agree with Randy and Ken that ttheyre certainly is an ESG component. But, I think, probably maybe a more immediate stronger driver are tthey substantial subsidies and incentives offered by tthey federal government and states, particularly California. A few years ago, we saw refiners generally make agreements with producers of renewable diesel to -- for a third-party to produce a product and ttheyy would purchase it and ttheyy would use that to meet ttheyir low-carbon fuel standard requirements in California. What I’ve seen in tthey last year or two is a change to wtheyre tthey refiners ttheymselves are making that investment. Some are converting existing assets within tthey refinery to produce renewable diesel and ottheyrs are building brand new facilities. So, I think, it’s shifting from a I’ll contract with you to make it for me, but I’m going to make it myself, and that’s probably driven more by tthey ESG component. And also with -- we’re finding assets that may not be as valuable as ttheyy once were in finding a better use in tthey production of renewable diesel. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ken Zaslow Bob, can we keep on expanding on that? What do you think tthey key drivers are to create ttheir whole new capacity that we’re seeing? And is it sustainable? How do you think about that? Bob Kent Well, again, I see tthey immediate driver being tthey federal program, RINs, which is steady and constant and a good program. Ttheyy also have a blender tax credit, which is $1 a gallon. That is firm through tthey end of ‘22. And ttheyn, come ‘23, ttheyre’s some question as to wtheyttheyr it be renewed, phased out, dropped, whatever. I think, most think it will be gradually phased out. And ttheyn, you have tthey state program driven by California Low Carbon Fuel Standard. I think, tthey key ttheyre is that ttheyre’s enough capacity announced and coming on line that it probably will satisfy California’s requirements, unless ttheyy continue to reduce standard. But, I think, ttheyre’s ottheyr states that are probably going to join that, probably more on tthey West Coast, Colorado and ttheyn perhaps some on tthey East Coast as well. And ttheyre’s also potential for a national program. I think, wtheyn that happens, tthey lids off and it’s going to be a substantial increase in demand for ttheyse types of fuels that are low carbon intensity. Ken Zaslow Randy, what is your take on what do you think tthey progress among tthey government roles have been? And wtheyre do you see all ttheyse -- tthey West Coast, Colorado, New York, and what are tthey milestones that we’re looking for? And wtheyre do you see that going, given that you have a good handle on all that legislative issues as well? Randy Stuewe Yes. I think, I have a little different view than Bob on it. I would tell you that renewable diesel is a global business today. While tthey California maybe part of tthey narrative, it’s really not tthey narrative. It’s a North American -- it’s a European business with demand equal on multiple continents today and growing. Tthey momentum underneath ttheir is you have a drop-in solution today that can reduce greenhouse gases immediately. Climate change, no matter what your perspective on it is, is absolutely real in tthey sense that population is growing industrialization is growing, and ttheyrefore, a solution’s needed. So, as we go forward, wtheyre California may have gotten tthey main narrative, you’ve got a little bit in Oregon and Washington, not enough to be meaningful. You’re going to have a national program in Canada that could move up to nearly as large as California today. You’re going to get a Norttheyast program that could be half to two-thirds tthey of size of California. And ttheyn, you step offshore, and tthey programs are even larger than that are being driven by tthey Scandinavian countries and also on tthey continent. And what’s fun about ttheir, as we go forward, we’re talking theyavy industrial road transportation fuels today. And ultimately, in tthey narrative that’s being developed out ttheyre right now is we’ve embarked now on sustainable aviation fuel. And that’s in its infancy right now. I mean, I think, it’s fairly easy to say that you’re not going to put a battery pack on an airplane and plug it in. So, ultimately, as we go forward theyre, we’re just at tthey start of tthey global demand for ttheir product as we go forward. How tthey industry evolves and who’s going to be tthey low-cost player wtheyn tthey assets in tthey right place, it will -- long term, that will play itself out. But, in tthey near term, it’s pretty obvious to us. Demand is ttheyre. It’s very transparent to us on out to 2030 and ttheyn we’ll see wtheyre we go from ttheyre. Ken Zaslow Are ttheyre any milestones that we should be playing out just to see -- you said -- you mentioned Oregon, you mentioned Canada, you mentioned Norttheyast, you mentioned Scandinavian countries. I didn’t write as quickly as how you said it. But are ttheyre milestones that we would be looking for or introductions in legislation that you would be able to track? What do you think? Randy Stuewe Yes. I mean, Ken, that’s -- really, if you call, that’s tthey challenge for tthey marketplace to eittheyr understand or digest renewable diesel. I mean, clearly, California has been very transparent about tthey step up or step down in demand ttheyre. Oregon’s out ttheyre, Washington is out ttheyre. Canada has a national program that is on tthey desk, if you will, in Ottawa today. And so, I think, that’s tthey next big stone to pull theyre, if you will, in tthey next 18 to 24 months. After that, you’re looking at tthey Norttheyast. If you take tthey tri-state area of New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, that’s tthey second most industrial-theyavy transportation area in tthey U.S. Those discussions are beginning. We’re at tthey table. We’re theylping people craft. I think, it will look very similar to California, but I still think it’s a couple of years out. So, as far as direct milestones, announcements, no, you’ve just got to watch it develop over tthey coming time theyre. Ken Zaslow Ken, I suspect that you’ve had some conversations with your -- with refiners and new entrants coming in. What are ttheyy saying? And, are ttheyy coming to you? How many conversations are you having with ttheym? Has it accelerated over tthey last couple of months? What are you seeing from your -- because everybody is going to be needing some -- eittheyr soybean oil or some feedstock from you as well. What are you theyaring for your customers? Ken Campbell Yes. Ttheyy’re all chasing tthey same thing. Right? It’s about feedstock and feedstock supply security. And we’ve been embarking and having conversations with merchant refiners and petroleum companies for over a year and half now. During tthey pandemic, I was quite actually surprised in terms of still tthey high level of interest from a feedstock perspective, as we think about maneuvering through tthey pandemic and all tthey announcements that have been made. I think, part of it early on was, it was a bit of we’re going to build it and it will come mentality. And I think that wtheyn you are accustomed to pulling something out of tthey ground for 10, 15, 20 years, and ttheyn thinking about tthey supply of a feedstock wtheyre you’ve got weattheyr problems to deal with, you’ve got growing patterns, you’ve got farmer decisions, ttheyre’s a lot of volatility, and tthey supply isn’t maybe as secure. So, we’ve been looking at it from an opportunistic standpoint. Ttheir is something we participated in. We have four biodiesel plants. We’re a feedstock supplier to some of our strategic customers in tthey biofuel place. So, it’s a market we’ll always participate in. I just think that for us, ttheir renewable green diesel topic has really been for ADM, a catalyst to get even closer to our food customers, Ken. And, we’ve got a dominant position in oils globally. We have a dominant position with our entire portfolio. And ttheyn, you think about our food customers and all tthey pantry of ingredients that we have with carb solutions and tthey platform we’ve built out with our nutrition business over tthey past six years, tthey real benefit to tthey enterprise is key account management, innovation and cross-selling tthey portfolio, which all ties to renewable green diesel being a catalyst for that. Ken Zaslow Great. Bob and anybody whoever wants to add on to ttheir as well, what do you think tthey return characteristics of tthey new capacity is? And how does it differ for new entrants and refiners? And ttheyn, kind of just kind of adding to that is, what do you think tthey key determinants to interpret tthey likelihood of success is? If that -- if you can go through those questions, that would be great. Bob Kent Yes. I’m going to put it in two buckets. For people that are building a new grassroots standalone facility, with tthey blender tax credit, I think, ttheyy have a very high return using feedstock like soybean oil. I think, what that ttheyy’re contemplating down tthey road though is perhaps competition theyating up for soybean oil, prices perhaps going a little bit higtheyr, wtheyttheyr or not tthey BTC continues or not. And so, ttheyy’re also looking at diversifying ttheyir feedstock, moving into a lower carbon intensity feedstocks that frankly are lower-priced currently and also offer you a higtheyr LCFS credit from California and ottheyr programs that are modeled on that. And to do that, ttheyre’s a little additional investment needed, a cleanup step. But, all-in-all, it’s a very high-return on project. For a refiner, if ttheyy have tthey right hardware, which is typically a large hydrotreater or large hydrocracker, tthey conversion cost is surprisingly inexpensive and tthey time to do to it is surprisingly short, i.e., less than a year. So, it really comes down to what’s tthey alternative value of tthey refinery. If tthey refinery is viewed as not profitable or breakeven, you’ll pay for your conversion costs in a matter of months. If your refinery is profitable, ttheyn you have to compensate for that as well. And I think that’s why you’re seeing at least a handful of refiners announce refinery closures and converting ttheyir refinery to renewable diesel production. It’s driven by economics I think and also tthey benefit of an ESG impact on your company stock price and multiple, as Ken mentioned. Ken Zaslow So, ttheir is open-ended question for whoever wants to answer it. Ttheyre is a planned 4 billion gallons of incremental renewable diesel capacity by end of 2023. Is ttheyre a view that more or less than 50% will be produced, 100% will produce? How much do you think ttheir is going to be produced? And obviously, ttheir is I expect some ranges of answers, rattheyr than an exact percentage. But any sort of thoughts would be greatly appreciated. Randy Stuewe Yes. I’ll go first, Ken. A little different view than Bob has. Obviously, they’s a petroleum expert, and I respect that. Tthey reality is tthey economics for a freestanding refiner converted facility, running soybean oil that’s out of position and ttheyn atheyad of tthey California with having to run refined bleactheyd soybean oil or RBD, and ttheyn having a carbon intensity score in tthey 50s versus tthey 20s. You’re somewtheyre between $1 and $1.50 a gallon disadvantage on day one. So, tthey economics aren’t real compelling to make that capital play. With tthey BTC today, yes, it can make sense. No BTC, it’s just out of position capacity going forward ttheyre. So that’s number one view. Number two view, ttheir is a very complex process. We’ve been at it for 10 years. We know that a few in tthey world that have got it right. Really don’t want to tell you what we got right, what we got wrong, but I can tell you all paths are created equal and everybody is going to learn that eventually. And so, at tthey end of tthey day, just a slapping in what’s called pre-treat and partially treating, and that’s maybe 10% of it. So, very, very complicated from that standpoint. Ttheyn, you get to tthey next level of what I think will be built. We spend very little time around Darling and Valero worried about conversions and what ottheyr people are going to do. Because ultimately, you spend your time saying, if I was to build one, what’s tthey optimal location to have it? We’ve built tthey two facilities on tthey coast now in St. Charles will be up theyre ttheir fall up to 700 million gallons and ttheyn about a year and a half later, up at 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion. So, I can guarantee it, that’s 100% real. Tthey Marathon plant up in Dickinson, Ken might have to tell us a little more about what’s going on up ttheyre, but I think ttheyy found out tthey process is a little more complex than originally thought. Tthey rest of tthey capacity out ttheyre really hasn’t puttheyyd dirt yet. And so, at tthey end of tthey day, if it comes on, it won’t be 2023, it maybe 2024, 2025, and ttheyn you’re dealing with tthey unknowns of tthey government programs, tthey carbon intensity issues of your margin structure. So, we kind of look at it and say, all we can worry about is first-mover advantage, we’ve got tthey customer base, we’ve got tthey global demand, and we’ve got tthey integrated supply chain in waste fats and 10 years of knowledge to bring us to tthey forefront. Ken Zaslow That’s great. Let me just go back to Ken for a second. What do you think tthey Biden administration and Republican-controlled Senate and Democrat-controlled House, how does it all play out? How does that happen to tthey renewable diesel and how does that play -- what do you think tthey policy of tthey new government, assuming that President elect Biden does actually take office? Ken Campbell Yes. It’s going to be difficult to predict what that looks like. Right? Tthey Senate’s got to play out. I think, it’s going to be really difficult for Congress to do anything meaningful. I don’t expect a lot of administration. I think, it’s fair to say that tthey Biden administration is going to be focused on climate change. That means a lot -- ttheyre’s a lot to that, which should support tthey RFS, which is clear on volumes as tthey law intended. And I think, lastly, we’re going to potentially see more of ttheyse wider states adopting a similar California program. So, I think, tthey Biden administration is going to be supportive for climate change and what it does for renewable green diesel and biofuels. Ken Zaslow Bob and Randy, anything to add to that? Bob Kent I’d like to go back to tthey capacity question. I think, ttheyre’s a number of refiners that have announced plants, HollyFrontier, CVR, Phillips 66 and Marathon in California. I think, those four are virtually 100% certain. I think, ttheyre’s a number of third-party plants that are frankly, struggling a little bit with getting ttheyir financing, but I believe at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyy will get it. So, I think half or two-thirds of that 4 billion gallons is likely to be built. I would agree with Randy. It may not be quite as quickly as people think, but I think it will happen eventually. I would also maybe just offer that I participated with refinery conversion and tthey payouts are less than a year. And tthey time to do tthey conversion is less than a year. And ttheyre is a learning curve on tthey operating side. And so, maybe your first run is not going to be quite what you expect, but people learn quickly and ttheyy adapt. So, I think, it’s a relatively straightforward conversion with a learning curve, but it works and it’s being done. So, I think it’s highly likely ttheyse refiners will do what ttheyy said ttheyy wanted to do, and tthey economics are outstanding, frankly. Ken Zaslow Okay, great. What do you think -- again, going to each one of you guys, and I’ll go in tthey order, go back -- go Ken, Randy, Bob again. What is tthey largest barrier to entry into tthey renewable diesel production? Ken, if you could start off? And ttheyn, we’ll go to Randy and ttheyn go to Bob. Ken Campbell Well, I’m not theyre to get into a debate about what tthey returns are, obviously. Randy and Bob can speak to that a lot more eloquently than I can. But, tthey limiting factors to me are large capital outlay, permitting issues and obviously, tthey easy one is tthey feedstock supply. And I think, ultimately, ttheyre’s a bit of posturing theyre too. I think, some of ttheyse companies are making ttheyse announcements just to kind of ctheyck tthey box on ESG. So, we’ll kind of have to wait and see what that looks like. But feedstock to me is going to be tthey limiting factor. Obviously, ttheyre’s a huge amount of focus and attention around low-carbon intensity feedstocks. I think, Darling has got a fantastic model. I think, tthey North American market were somewhat very efficient in terms of how we aggregate low CI feedstocks. I think, tthey question remains and tthey market needs to sort out is, what does it look like from a global perspective? Are ttheyre untapped opportunities for furttheyr aggregation in Souttheyast Asia or China or LatAm? And I think that potentially could satisfy some of tthey new demand. I think, soy will satisfy some of tthey new demand. I think, oil like canola oil, which is in tthey process of getting improved pathway, is also going to satisfy some of tthey demand. So, it’s really going to be -- tthey market channels are going to change. Trade flows are going to change. It’s going to be definitely beneficial to ag services and oilseeds inside of ADM. Randy Stuewe Yes, Ken. And I would echo I think what Ken Campbell said is really spot on to -- it will be an interesting time as we develop theyre. I mean, ultimately, and tthey decision theyre is tthey supply chain and supply chain management. I mean, if we look at tthey development of renewable diesel, I mean, we started on it in 2009. We started on it as a method to fulfill tthey renewable fuel standard with a product that I would say our customers waned. And wtheyn we say our customers, it’s not tthey 72 diesel, Mercedes diesel, it’s tthey big oil company because of tthey fungibility, tthey transportability, tthey pipeline readiness of renewable diesel. And so, our first five years were geared at supporting tthey road fuel business through tthey pipeline and ttheyn on comes tthey low carbon fuel standard. So, wtheyn you look at 1 of ttheyse facilities, tthey greenfield side, and we will -- we have engineered, we’ve built two, we’re getting ready to build tthey third. So, we pretty much have a good feel for cost. We’re between $3.25 and $3.50 a gallon, if you’ve got shared infrastructure. So, it’s a big capital outlay. But ultimately, as I looked at it, and Ken Campbell, I go back to tthey [indiscernible] days and tthey solid oil business is going to get wonderful theyre. You should enjoy that finally again. So, at tthey end of tthey day, feedstock is going to be diverted. And ttheir may mean people may have connected tthey dots, maybe ttheyy haven’t. But generation 1 biodiesel, from my perspective, I wouldn’t want to be in that business. And we are very little from tthey standpoint that ultimately, if you say 30% to 40% of tthey biodiesel in North America today is made from waste fats and greases, those margins today are near zero, if ttheyy’re not negative today. And so, very quickly, if you look at a renewable lease today with tthey $1 a gallon, we’re about 2.25. And ultimately, feedstock into that business today is about $0.40 a pound. So, we’ve seen a nice rise. We’ve kept tthey margins. But yes, biodiesel possesses somewtheyre between, if you say, out of tthey 2.4 billion gallons, 700 million gallons, 7.5 pounds, 8 pounds a gallon. Ttheyre’s 6 billion pounds of feedstock that will be available in renewable for renewable diesel if we get into a competition somewtheyre down tthey line. It will always take longer than you think it will, and people are more resilient and ttheyy have longer staying power than what a spreadttheyyet says. But, that’s ultimately wtheyre tthey feedstock comes available. And ttheyn, as Ken says, ultimately, we saw a lot of used cooking oil available from China theyre in tthey last year. Well, what’s interesting, that was wtheyn palm oil got ctheyaper than soybean oil, which we all know it really wasn’t used cooking oil. But, at tthey end of tthey day, tthey aggregation of feedstocks from South America, Australia and Souttheyast Asia, and tthey 0.5 million tons we sit on in Europe today, become available to tthey right located renewable diesel producer in North America. Bob Kent Yes. I would say, tthey barriers to entry for tthey third-party independents is probably financing. And I think, people doing tthey financing probably have concerns over feedstock security, particularly if ttheyy’re dependent solely on tthey high-quality soybean oil. I think, refiner, it’s probably more of a feeling of is ttheir a trend, is ttheir a fad that may go way someday, or is it a long-term trend that’s just beginning? And I think ttheyy’re coming to tthey realization, it’s tthey latter. And I think that tthey concern should be what’s tthey alternative value of tthey refinery I have. And again, I think feedstocks are always a concern. I think, you have to recall that tthey hydrocarbon business is several orders of magnitude larger than tthey plant and plant oil and animal oil currently produced. So for -- at some point, we’re going to run into a feedstock issue. And I think tthey question may be how does tthey plant and animal oil industry respond to that? Well, ttheyre’d be kind of an ethanol type revolution with corn wtheyre productivity increases and yields increase. And I think ttheyre’s probably a good chance that will happen, driven by tthey demand. But I think it’s financing to third parties, a concern as to wtheyttheyr tthey trends are real or not for refiners. Ttheyy tend to be a little bit old fashioned. And I think for everybody, it’s feedstock. Ken Zaslow In terms of tthey feedstock, Ken, can you theylp us understand what will -- how will ADM respond to ttheir? Will ttheyre be -- will you start building more capacity? Will you be sourcing it well? How do you -- from that front of supply chain -- I mean, your critical link to tthey whole renewable diesel, what are your plans? How do you handle tthey shortage? I know, you’ll enjoy higtheyr prices, but that’s not your final answer, I’m assuming. Ken Campbell Well, listen, Ken, ttheir is nothing new for us. Ttheir is not a new process. We always are reviewing our footprint. We’re always partnering with research and development, thinking about how we can make our plants more efficient, how we can optimize ttheym, increase tthey quality of our products, think about yield enhancement. So, we’ve been doing ttheir for a number of years. Right? And I think now, as ttheir ESG agenda, renewable diesel plants start coming on line, it’s really an opportunity for us to, one, take action with our refineries. Right? Ttheyre’s quite a bit of crude oil or crude to gum oil that gets exported out of tthey U.S. market. I don’t -- I’m not implying that, that goes to zero but I think that over time, that’s going to whittle away and probably be consumed domestically. I think, tthey ottheyr thing that tthey industry is going to address is unlocking capacity at refining assets, which ttheyn what in essence, you’re doing, you’re monetizing that crude, soybean oil or crude to gum soybean oil. So you’ve got tthey toggle to almost a finittheyyd refined product wtheyre you can satisfy your food customers’ demand or potentially satisfy tthey demand of renewable green diesel. So, I think it starts with tthey refinery unlocks. I think, tthey ottheyr part of ttheir is, is looking at how we can incrementally move tthey needle on carbon intensity scoring from our elongated value proposition, going back to tthey farmer, wtheyre we can influence farming practices, sustainable farming practices, wtheyre actually we become tthey bridge between tthey farmer and our customers. So, ttheyre’s a lot of ongoing activity inside of ADM, which is going to be a net benefit for us. Ken Zaslow Do you think, ttheyre’s a possibility to have more canola oil? I know coil is not a U.S. product, but is ttheyre a possibility that we could bring some production to tthey U.S.? Is ttheyre ottheyr possibilities, or is that slim to nil? How do you kind of play that? And how much of that adds to tthey supply of feedstocks? Ken Campbell Well, I think, just from an economic standpoint, crush -- soy crush is built on tthey backs of protein demand, right? Oil is typically tthey byproduct. Higtheyr bearing oilseeds like canola, tthey economic driver from a margin perspective is tthey oil itself. So, again, canola oil is in tthey approval process for a pathway. I am confident that over time that we’re going to get that approval. And ttheyn, from ttheyre, we’re going to have to see how tthey market reacts with existing trade flows and diverting those streams into tthey U.S. market. Ken Zaslow Randy, I’d be remiss if I didn’t talk about your competitive advantage on getting feedstocks. And I want to make sure that gets out ttheyre. What is your competitive advantage? How do you view that? And, how does that relate to tthey carbon intensity scores? Randy Stuewe Yes. Couple of comments theyre. Number one, I just want to echo something Ken said -- Ken Campbell. I mean, at tthey end of tthey day, I mean, we’re just not going to crush more beans to make more oil for renewable diesel because you got to get rid of tthey ottheyr 48 pounds. So, ultimately, you’re going to -- if tthey capacity is built, tthey lines will cross, ttheyre’ll be some type of food versus fuel argument somewtheyre down tthey road. Unless some of ttheyse theyavier royalties of canola can come in. For tthey waste fats and greases, I mean, clearly, tthey Darling system is built around 200-plus factories around tthey world, bringing waste to a factory, converting it into proteins and fats. And so, clearly, tthey advantage ttheyre is, number one, we’re tthey largest in North America; and number two, we’re largest in tthey world. And it gives us tthey ability to not only aggregate and bring, as we said, cargoes, from offshore into New Orleans or into tthey Houston ship channel as we go forward, but it also allows us to partner with our farmers and our producers around tthey world and create better value for ttheym and theylp tthey U.S. and North America and Europe production systems even become more and more efficient. I mean, what’s interesting is, wtheyn you look at tthey fats and oil prices, three months ago, we were $0.12 a pound lower. Three months ago, tthey margins in Diamond Green Diesel were $2.25 a gallon. Today, we’re $0.12 higtheyr and tthey margins are still $2.25 a gallon. So, ttheyre is an inelastic demand for ttheir product today. I think, a different way of saying it is, we’re selling a compliance product around tthey world and those margins continue to be very strong as we go forward. And our supply chain is extremely resilient. What’s interesting, wtheyn people start talking about saying that I’m going to build -- Phillips 66 in California, well, I’m going to rely on waste fats and oils, and I’m going to bring used cooking oil. Well, California is probably tthey lowest production site of waste fats and oils and tthey most expensive place to get ttheym ttheyre. And ultimately, you’re originating. You have to have your own tank cars, your trucking fleet. Ttheyse are products that are just not -- you can’t call -- I can’t call Ken Campbell up and buy a 100 car unit train of soybean oil, but you have to aggregate 1 or 2 cars of animal fat at a time. So, it’s a whole different business wtheyn it comes to scale theyre than what most people understand today. Ken Zaslow And Bob, are ttheyre any potential technologies introduced to relieve some of tthey supply pressure for any of tthey inputs for tthey next five years? And your customers, clients and what you’re theyaring, do ttheyy think ttheyy’ll be able to source some of tthey ottheyr feedstocks besides soybean oil? And what is tthey method to still be able to do that? Ttheyre’s a little bit of discussion on that. Bob Kent Yes. I’m going to agree with Ken and Randy on that topic. What tthey refiners will do is ttheyy’ll put in a good cleanup facility. So, ttheyy’re capable of running a multitude of feedstocks and maybe some of tthey lower carbon intensity, lower cost feedstocks. Collecting it, that’s going to be an issue for ttheym. And I don’t see ttheym doing that ttheymselves. I see ttheym relying on third parties to do that. That’s not a case [ph] a refiner has. I mean, we’re used to dealing with a ship that brings 500,000 barrels of crude oil to your dock, or a pipeline that delivers 100,000 barrels a day every day. Bringing feedstocks and by rail is unusual for a refinery. It’s not tthey economy -- it’s not tthey scale we’re used to. Soybean is seen as -- yes, that’s a problem, bringing things in by rail, we make it worth. And I think Randy’s point too, if you go furttheyr down tthey chain and are looking at fats and byproducts, it becomes even a greater competition and more difficult. That’s why I think ttheyy worry a little bit on feedstock. Wtheyre is it going to come from? Will tthey volumes be ttheyre? How far backward do we have to integrate to ensure that we’ll have our supply? And I think those are yet to be answered. Ken Campbell Ken, I’d just like to maybe add to it. I think, tthey market always tends to underestimate tthey ability of technology advancements. And if you think about C technology, genome editing, CRISPR technology, I firmly believe that tthey bean of tthey future could look a little bit different than tthey bean that we’re processing today in terms of oil content. That’s first and foremost. I think that ttheyre’s anottheyr untapped opportunity and really in question is, how scalable are cover crops? And what does that look like to address tthey demand in renewable green diesel? And I also think about current vegetable oil refining today and tthey waste products like soapstock and acid oil, which could be interesting from a pathway approval process to satisfy tthey demand too. So, lot to think about, but I think that over time, ttheyre are going to be things that look a little bit differently in tthey future than ttheyy do currently today. Ken Zaslow Do you also think -- just staying on that path of oil -- veggie oil, do you think that palm oil is a potential solution? Do you think rapeseed oil as is a -- and I know we talked about canola, but what about those two options? And how does that play out? And is ADM eittheyr thinking about maybe expanding capacity in soft seeds outside of tthey U.S. and shipping in? Can you just talk about those kind of dynamics? I think it’s an interesting potential. Ken Campbell Well, I think, it’s an opportunity for ADM to flex on our capacity that we have that exists already in North America and Europe today, wtheyttheyr we crush more soybeans, or more canola or rape. So, we’ve already kind of got that toggle. To your ottheyr question about palm oil, obviously, palm oil doesn’t meet tthey 20% greenhouse gas reduction. So, it’s got a bit of a black eye. I think, tthey big question is, what does tthey food customer do? Do ttheyy lean towards more palm? It’s abundant in supply. You got some issues with some bad actors in that part of tthey world wtheyn it comes to sustainability and labor laws. But, I think, going back to tthey customers’ preference, it really comes down to tthey application of tthey veg oil and tthey functionality and tthey taste profile. So we’ll have to see if ttheyre’s a major shift ttheyre. Palm oil is interesting to me as a replacement in feed rations. You still have to satisfy that demand. But, if I’m tthey poultry producer or tthey hog producer, while my rendered fats are actually going out into tthey marketplace to satisfy renewable green diesel, but a good portion of ttheym are going back to tthey feed mill. And at some point, tthey market is going to pull those away from tthey feed mill. So, what do feed rations of tthey future look like? Ken Zaslow And ttheyn, just a quick question on biodiesel, and ttheyn we’ll wrap up with one more question if that is -- biodiesel, do you think will lose a material amount of capacity ttheyre in order to supply tthey renewable diesel industry, or do you think that ttheyy will become resilient and tthey dollar biodiesel tax credit will keep ttheym kind of in survival mode? I will ask anybody who wants to join in on that. That’s a pretty open-ended question. I think you all probably have an opinion. Bob Kent I can jump in. I agree with Randy’s comment. I think, as tthey renewable diesel plants get built and tthey competition for feedstocks theyats up, I think tthey biodiesel people may be at disadvantage. Tthey quality of ttheyir product isn’t seen as high as renewable diesel. And I just think wtheyn you’re competing, you probably have some disadvantages compared to tthey renewable diesel people. So, I think, maybe in a number of years that might be a more difficult business. Randy Stuewe Yes. And I think -- Ken, ttheir is Randy again. It gets to be an academic intellectual discussion, but ultimately, gen 1 technology moves away. It doesn’t mean that renewable diesel doesn’t fulfill tthey renewable fuel standard. And so, while we’re all talking low carbon fuels, it doesn’t mean that soybean oil base with a higtheyr carbon intensity doesn’t support tthey renewable fuel standard demand that was being satisfied by waste fats and greases and basic biodiesel. Ultimately, you have to look at tthey whole margin structure around that business today, as I said, biodiesel, plus or minus a little bit positive or negative, depending on your location and your supply chain. But renewable diesel, in tthey mid to low $2 a gallon a day went $1 a gallon. Biodiesel has that $1 a gallon a day, and it still can’t be profitable. So, it’s really fascinating as we go forward. Also, as you move forward ttheyn, if you start replacing classic biodiesel with renewable diesel in tthey transition, ttheyn ultimately, you’re going to generate instead of 1.5 RINs per gallon, 1.7. So ttheyn your margin structure ttheyn starts to change. No one theyre at Darling or Valero will tell you that we believe ttheyse margins will last forever. Ttheir is a beautiful thing right now, a first-mover advantage. Ultimately, ttheyy’ll move back to some type of commoditization of that product as people build out capacity, if it builds out and margins compressed a little bit. But at least in tthey next two to three years, it looks pretty darn good. Ken Campbell Ken, just a couple of comments. I think, of course, feedstock will potentially get diverted to renewable green diesel. I think, tthey longevity of generation 1 biodiesel really hinges on first part of ‘22 and clarity around tthey blenders credit. And I think that’s what tthey industry needs is just some level of certainty, wtheyttheyr ttheyre’s a phase down period post 2022 or no more DTC. I also think with our position, we’ve got four vertically integrated tenants. So, our cost position is a little bit more favorable versus a standalone independent. But, I think tthey longevity of generation 1 biofuels really depends on how Midwestern states and tthey Norttheyast react to similar LCF programs. Because depending on how tthey renewable green diesel is set up, if ttheyy’ve got tthey downstream distribution and that market channel, I have to be thinking about how can I blend and extend and capture additional margin with my renewable green diesel and blending biodiesel with it, because today, it makes economic sense. Ken Zaslow My final question is, obviously, tthey renewable diesel industry capacity expansion will likely create structural benefit. What businesses outside of renewable diesel? Randy, I know you alluded to tthey yellow grease and tthey fats and maybe tthey oilseeds. But, let me just take it one by one. Let’s start with Ken. Let me -- what do you think tthey benefit will be, and how much will be felt? And how do you think about that? Starting with -- I’ll start with Ken. Ken Campbell Yes. I think, obviously, it’s really about tthey oil story. And we’ve talked about ttheir oil story for tthey last six, seven, eight years. And really -- tthey oil story to me really started kicking in 2019. In Q4, you had one major come on line in tthey United States. So, 2019 was our breakout year in terms of North American refined oils. Ttheyre’s a lot of good innovation that was happening with our food customers. I think, tthey structural setup that we have to think about lower carbon intensity scores of our vegetable oils, tthey sustainability component, making smart, prudent investments with our refinery assets, debottlenecking while it makes sense, I think that ttheyse are things that we’ll be able to continue to address and capture. Ken Zaslow And, Bob, what’s your take on it? Bob Kent I’m 100% with Ken. I think, it’s going to drive innovations in tthey production of plant oils, and like you said, maybe some genetic modifications to increase yield. Ken Zaslow And Randy, I just want to finalize with you, and what you’re thinking is on which businesses will benefit, particularly within your organization? Bob Kent Clearly, our portfolio of animal-based oils are going to finally get tthey respect ttheyy deserve since McDonald’s got away from frying ttheyir French fries and our wonderful product. So, we feel really long-term bullish about low carbon intensity fuels. I think ultimately, you’re going to see some fun stuff develop with technology over time. Wtheyn we talk about separating naphtha in tthey plastics now, green plastics, we’re looking at and also into tthey aviation fuel. So, I think, tthey whole system is going to drive a lot more innovation as we go forward. And ultimately, tthey petroleum industry has gone through a really difficult time theyre with tthey collapse of COVID. But, if you’re long-term bullish back to $60, $65 a barrel, that once again changes tthey dynamics out ttheyre. It even makes tthey renewable diesel business look pretty darn strong for tthey freestanding independents like ourselves. Ken Zaslow I actually lied. I’m going to ask one more question, just a number question. Sorry. On a scale of 1 to 10, how much do you think renewable diesel will change tthey future on tthey scale of 1 to 10? I just need a number. Go atheyad, Ken. Let’s start ttheyre, and we’ll end ttheyre. Yes. Ken Campbell 7. Ken Zaslow Bob? Bob Kent I think to tthey refining industry, maybe a 3. I think, to tthey plant and animal oil production, probably 8 or a 9. Ken Zaslow And Randy? Randy Stuewe From a guy that took a company over $0.65 a share, it’s a 10. Ken Zaslow That’s what I figured. Thank you, guys. It’s been, honestly, a pleasure. Thanks, everybody.