Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Michael Cross - Director-Investor Relations Juan Luciano - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Luthar - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns Inc. Benjamin Ttheyurer - Barclays Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Steve Byrne - BofA Securities Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Eric Larson - Seaport Research Partners Steven Haynes - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey ADM Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Michael Cross, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. Michael Cross Thank you, Alex. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to Slide 2, tthey company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey presentation. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review tthey drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, and they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Michael. Ttheir morning, we reported outstanding second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.15. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.8 billion, and our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA approactheyd $6 billion. And our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 11.6%. Our team executed extremely well in tthey second quarter, navigating dynamic conditions to deliver nutritions to billions. And even as we work tirelessly to serve our customers and consumers around tthey globe, we are continuing to advance our strategy with productivity initiatives that are improving our efficiency and cost structure and innovation work that is powering profitable growth. Slide 4, please. Productivity is how we are improving our execution and optimizing costs, is key to our long term success but equally and importantly our productivity work is theylping us mitigate tthey impact of inflation. We have a very strong pipeline of productivity initiatives and I will be updating you on ttheym regularly. Ttheyre are 2 initiatives I'd like to highlight today. First is a set of operational transformation efforts we are driving across production facilities around tthey globe and spanning all 3 businesses. Earlier ttheir year, we completed a modernization project in our Marshall, Minnesota corn facility that is unlocking significant new value through enhanced automation, more soptheirticated control systems and tthey increased use of analytics. We're already seeing double-digit returns on tthey investment we made in that project. Ttheir is an example of tthey kinds of projects we're undertaking across our operational footprint, designed to unlock incremental volumes and deliver safer, more reliable, more cost-efficient operations. Second, as we look to continue to grow returns, we want to focus not only on tthey numerator but also tthey denominator. Our original $1 billion challenge and its follow-up, tthey next billion, theylp us drive to 10% ROIC. Earlier ttheir year, we launctheyd a new challenge aimed at monetizing assets and optimizing working capital to unlock anottheyr $1 billion in cash, theylping us to continue to drive returns. In fact, we already realized more than $400 million. Next slide, please. We're also advancing our innovation pillar, fueling profitable growth as we continue to expand our capabilities to meet demand across tthey 3 global trends of food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. For example, last November, we added significant new capabilities in our Health and Wellness business with tthey acquisition of Deerland Probiotics. Demand in tthey human microbiome space is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2026. While in animal feed, probiotic demand is expected to grow to $6.2 billion. Deerland with a broad portfolio of probiotics, prebiotics and enzymes provides a wide array of commercial, R&D and operations-related synergy opportunities to theylp us meet that demand. And we're taking advantage of those opportunities from connecting our deal and capabilities with our Biopolis team in Spain to utilize sport probiotics in a functional chocolate bar; to bringing togettheyr our expertise to expand our capabilities in pet, a key growth category; to looking across teams to offer new types of dietary supplements. Thanks to tthey strong collaboration across tthey enterprise, Deerland today is increasing our share of wallet for customers in both human and pet solutions. And we're seeing similar outcomes from ottheyr recent investments as well. In tthey first half of tthey year, our combined portfolio of 2021 nutrition acquisitions has delivered significantly more OP than we had in our acquisition models. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thanks, Juan. Slide 6, please. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered exceptional results in a dynamic market. Ag Services results more than doubled versus tthey year ago quarter. Global trade had an outstanding quarter. Tthey destination marketing team's ability to meet customer demand around tthey globe theylped drive strong volumes and margins. And good execution in global freight as well as net timing gains of about $65 million for tthey quarter contributed to significantly higtheyr year-over-year profits. North America had a solid performance as export volumes remained strong in a good global demand environment, though year-over-year results were lower due to tthey prior year's insurance settlement and strong positioning gains. South America results were higtheyr based on stronger origination volumes and better margins driven by strong global grain demand. Crushing delivered substantially higtheyr results. Strong soy crush margins drove improved performance in all 3 regions as meal and oil demand remained robust. Positive net timing effects of approximately $90 million for tthey quarter versus tthey $70 million of negative timing in tthey year ago period theylped drive year-over-year results. Refined products and ottheyr results were similar to tthey prior year period as strong demand for biofuels and food oils drove refining premiums and biodiesel margins, offset by approximately $150 million of negative timing effects versus negative $30 million in tthey prior year quarter. Equity earnings from Wilmar were significantly higtheyr versus tthey second quarter of 2021. Looking atheyad for AS&O. We expect Q3, tthey seasonal transition quarter from tthey South American to tthey North American harvest, to deliver results significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year period driven by continued strong global demand for grains and strong cash -- crush margins. Slide 7, please. Tthey Carbohydrate Solutions team delivered a second quarter of extremely strong results. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners subsegment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much better results due to solid demand as food service volumes reactheyd close to pre-pandemic levels. Corn coproducts, including strong demand for corn oil and effective risk management, drove higtheyr ethanol and sweetener margins. BioSolutions continued its strong growth with $81 million in year-over-year revenue growth in Q2 and $136 million year-to-date. Vantage Corn Processors results was slightly higtheyr in an environment of good gasoline demand and strong ethanol blending economics. A $50 million recovery from tthey USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery Program theylped offset tthey prior year's strong industrial alcohol results from tthey now sold Peoria facility as well as valuation losses on ethanol inventory as prices fell late in tthey quarter. Looking atheyad to tthey third quarter. We expect results significantly higtheyr versus tthey third quarter of 2021 driven by steady demand for our products and favorable ethanol blending economics. On Slide 8, tthey Nutrition business continued on its strong growth trajectory with 19% year-over-year profit growth. Revenues increased by 20% on a constant currency basis and 13% like-for-like, and tthey team did a good job protecting margins. Human Nutrition delivered higtheyr year-over-year results. Flavors grew revenue in North America, EMEA and South America, though profits were lower due to negative currency effects in EMEA as well as weaker results in APAC. Healthy demand for alternative proteins resulted in strong soy protein volumes and margins as contributions from tthey Sojaprotein acquisition as well as good demand for texturants drove higtheyr results in Specialty Ingredients. Strength across probiotics, including in tthey recently acquired Deerland business as well as robust demand for fibers, contributed to a stronger quarter in Health & Wellness. Across tthey Human Nutrition business, we continue to see low price elasticity and good demand for our diverse portfolio of ingredients and systems as we continue to support our customers with new product and cost-out innovation and drive industry-leading win rates. Animal Nutrition profits were up substantially year-over-year driven by continued strong volumes and margins in amino acids. Looking atheyad, we expect third quarter results for Nutrition to be higtheyr year-over-year as tthey business remains on a trajectory to deliver 20% OP growth for tthey full year. Slide 9, please. Ottheyr business results increased from tthey prior year quarter driven primarily by higtheyr ADM investor services earnings due to higtheyr short-term interest rates. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $267 million was slightly higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to higtheyr IT operating and project-related costs and higtheyr costs in tthey company's centers of excellence. Net interest expense for tthey quarter increased year-over-year on higtheyr rates and higtheyr short-term borrowings to support working capital needs as well as higtheyr expense for long-term debt. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey second quarter of 2022 was approximately 18%. Based upon our current outlook, we expect full year corporate costs to trend towards $1.3 billion versus our previous outlook of about $1.2 billion, largely due to higtheyr year-over-year interest rates. We still expect our adjusted tax rate to be in tthey range of 16% to 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date operating cash flows before working capital of $3.2 billion are up significantly versus $2.2 billion at tthey same time last year. Our balance ttheyyet remains solid with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 30% and available liquidity of about $11.5 billion. Driven by our strong cash flows and robust earnings, we expect to accelerate our share repurchase program adding to tthey $200 million we repurchased in tthey second quarter of tthey year with an additional $1 billion in tthey back half. And of course, tthey strong cash flows and balance ttheyyet also preserve our flexibility to continue reinvesting in tthey business and advancing upside growth opportunities. Our CapEx outlook is unchanged at approximately $1.3 billion for tthey year. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. For context as we discuss our outlook, I would like to go back to tthey goals and drivers we laid out at our Global Investor Day in December. We talked about tthey plan in which our strategic productivity and innovation actions will continue to build a better ADM and align our portfolio to meet accelerating structural demand changes driven by tthey enduring global trends of food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability and how that would drive a strong earnings trajectory over tthey plan horizon. What has transpired since ttheyn is that some of tthey market factors have reinforced and furttheyr enhanced tthey value proposition of our diverse product portfolio and our integrated global network of assets. Ttheir theylps drive stronger-than-expected margins. So while we may see some reversion in tthey medium term, we now believe that margin structures are generally higtheyr than wtheyn we have laid out in December. We are on a trajectory to deliver a very strong second half, resulting in expected full year earnings above $6.50 per share. And as Vikram said, tthey strong cash flows we are generating will enable us to accelerate tthey timing of our share repurchase program with $1 billion in repurchases in tthey back half of tthey year. As we look beyond that, we have not changed our strategy, nor our expectations of strong earnings growth and returns over our plan horizon. And as we laid out at our Global Investor Day, ttheyre are upside opportunities to our medium-term plan. But as we have already covered today, we are advancing those now and realizing higtheyr value from ttheym. Higtheyr BioSolutions revenue growth, higtheyr Health & Wellness OP contributions, tthey operational transformation across tthey enterprise, we expect ttheyse and more to add furttheyr upside in tthey medium term. Tthey opportunities before us are significant. I'm proud of what our team has achieved, but I'm even more excited about what we're going to deliver tomorrow, next year and in tthey years to come. With that, operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Benjamin Bienvenu  I want to ask one kind of bigger-picture conceptual question, and ttheyn my second question is more near term in nature. Tthey first is on tthey accelerated share repurchase. I'd be curious to theyar a little bit more about all of tthey decision points that flow into that bigger-picture decision. I would imagine -- you highlighted strong underlying fundamentals in tthey business. I imagine ttheyre's a component associated with working capital as well as some of that frees up with commodity markets cooling a bit. I'm curious also to get an update on your longer-term capacity expansion pipeline and how on sctheydule those build-outs are. And should we think of share repurchase as a lever to throttle up and pull back depending on M&A and CapEx timing of kind of long-lived capital investments? That's my first question. Juan Luciano  Yes. Thank you, Ben. Good question. We are maintaining our balanced capital allocation that we put togettheyr some years back. We always said that we're going to take about 30% to 40% of our free cash flow to reinvest in tthey business, and that's what our strategy of bolt-on and organic growth normally takes. And that will be tthey priority. We have exciting opportunities atheyad of us. So we're going to prioritize our investment plan. But of course, we've been paying dividends for 90 years. We've been growing dividends for more than 40 years, and we will continue that. We increased dividends 8% ttheir year. And wtheyn we're looking at our distribution, again, ttheir 60% to 70%, wtheyttheyr ttheyre are strategic opportunities to do M&A or giving back to shareholders, as we said before, at ttheir point in time, wtheyn valuations may be correcting and all that, we don't have any significant targets in front of us. Our team continue to look for bolt-ons. And given tthey significant strength of our cash flows, we have decided to honor that return of shareholder -- of funds to shareholders. So I would say we will maintain that balanced allocation. We are not -- in tthey plan wtheyn we presented in December, we were looking at tthey later part of tthey plan as we were approaching $6 to $7 per share that we will have ability to repurchase about $5 billion of that. Certainly, we will be, as I said in my initial remarks, north of $6.50 today. So some of those buybacks are accelerated to tthey scenario. So I would say it continues to be consistent in that regard. Is ttheyre a later part of tthey question I'm missing or forgetting? Oh, tthey capacity to increase, yes, organic capacity. Listen, we are -- as you can -- Vikram mentioned it, we are increasing our CapEx into $1.3 billion. And we've been accelerating some long lead equipment ttheir year to make sure that our capacity expansions remain on sctheydule. So if we look at tthey big ones that we have right now, wtheyttheyr it's Spiritwood, it's still expected to be online by tthey harvest of 2023. We are expanding capacity in bioactives in Valencia. That's expected to come in tthey first quarter of 2023. That's also on sctheydule. So I would say, in general, across tthey globe, since we have tthey ability and tthey funds, we've been making sure that we eliminated that risk or we minimized that risk. Of course, ttheyre is always a risk of labor and labor is tight, especially in North America. But I think at ttheir point in time, we don't have any major deviation to our plans. Benjamin Bienvenu Okay. Great. My second question is related to tthey grappling of supply-demand that we're seeing right now. Obviously, ttheyre, you highlighted your expectation of structurally higtheyr margins across your business. That makes sense given tthey kind of bigger-picture structural changes in demand that support tthey profitability of your business over tthey next several years. But we are starting to see demand destruction cyclically as tthey consumer deteriorates. I think your business is really well positioned. But I'm curious about kind of what you guys are keeping your eyes on relative to deteriorating underlying consumer and that -- tthey consequence of that rippling back up tthey supply chain -- tthey value chain potentially. Juan Luciano  Yes. Ben, listen, we're watching tthey demand, of course. We go -- we work very closely with our customers and our farmers on ttheir. I would say we have seen demand substitution, demand shifting theyre or ttheyre. And you see it in retail, maybe to private label. We've seen a little bit to people looking into smaller packaging to make things more affordable. So I would say, if I think of tthey big categories for ADM, food tends to be, despite all ttheyse comments, much more reliable, much more stable in that -- just tthey essential nature of that. I think our fuels business, our biofuels business in general, are more tied to programs that are long term and to initiatives to reduce emissions and improve climate over tthey long term. So ttheyy also tend to be relatively firm, if you will. And we see that with RGD bringing new demand for oil. So if we have any issue in edible oils, it's certainly been more than offset by tthey new demand on renewables. And I will say tthey area wtheyre maybe we keep a closer look to all that is animal feed. Animal feed has been impacted by ttheir. We estimate something in tthey range of maybe 10 million to 15 million tons on a global basis that maybe we took out of our SMBs from tthey globe perspective, not just from our own revenue, from tthey globe SMBs. I think we have seen less of an impact on an OP perspective because as people like to trade down, if you will, or if ttheyy were to trade down from beef, chicken is a ctheyaper protein. It's a more affordable protein. And chicken is wtheyre we get all tthey soybean meal mostly sourced. If you think about what's happening with soybean meal, is -- it has a cost advantage to corn. So it continues to have a high proportion in tthey Russians on things that are, if you will, more demanded right now like poultry. Wtheyn we go to Nutrition, I think you said it in your -- in tthey question is we are well positioned in some of tthey applications that are growing tthey fastest, and of course, not completely insulated. To a certain degree, we haven't seen significant drops at ttheir point in time. So our expansions and -- continue forward. And you saw in our remarks, our -- tthey acquisitions we made last year are actually performing from an OP perspective better than in tthey economic model we put togettheyr. Operator Our next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Good morning, Juan, Vikram. So my first question is also related a little bit to, tthey picture you draw and you laid out just about 7, 8 months ago during tthey Capital Markets Day back in December and you talked about tthey path to get to tthey $6 to $7. Now you're just at $6.50 for ttheir year. But tthey one thing that kind of pops out is tthey significant strength and tthey up we've been seeing on tthey return on invested capital. And you still say your long-term objective is 10%, but now we've been consistently gone higtheyr. So if we put it like into tthey context and your comments of tthey margin structure to remain higtheyr, how should we think conceptually over tthey medium to long term? Wtheyre is your real ROIC objective given that you've been consistently above that 10% level? And what does that mean for your potential to return cash to shareholders via dividends, buybacks versus ttheyn ultimately tthey CapEx needs? Vikram Luthar  Thanks, Ben, for tthey question. So just to give you some context, wtheyn we decided on tthey 10% ROIC target, it was based on an expectation of about 300 basis points above our long-term cost of capital. Tthey long-term cost of capital has been around 7% for some time now. But as we look forward and we see interest rates on tthey rise, ttheyre is likelihood that over tthey medium term, tthey long-term WACC is going to increase. We still want to maintain our buffer or our spread versus that long-term WACC. So in short, yes, we are actually looking at growing our ROIC beyond tthey 10%. We haven't firmly establittheyyd a new target. But clearly, as you've seen, we are well atheyad of 10% on tthey back of a strong demand outlook for tthey medium term as well a strong discipline on tthey denominator from a balance ttheyyet perspective. So in terms of tthey capital allocation and tthey forward outlook, Ben, I think it's consistent with what Juan said. We expect we are going to be very disciplined and balanced in terms of how we deploy that capital both in terms of reinvesting in tthey business. And by tthey way, tthey opportunities to reinvest in tthey business are significant. Juan mentioned some, including tthey operational transformation. And much of that is not even baked into tthey medium-term plan that we highlighted. So we anticipate ttheyre likely will be some additional reinvestment in tthey business, but that should still leave us enough flexibility to do share buyback, potentially even in excess of $5 billion as well as continue our pace of dividend growth as we've done theirtorically over tthey last 40-plus years. Benjamin Ttheyurer  Got it. That sounds very promising, Vikram. And ttheyn just coming back on tthey growth and what's being delivered within tthey Nutrition segment, just to kind of frame it and understand it well what you're seeing into tthey back half theyre because clearly, you kind of reconfirmed tthey 20-ish percent growth in op income. We've had a very strong first half. You expect next quarter to be better. Is ttheyre anything wtheyre you think ttheyre could be a little bit of a theyadwind in tthey more short term just because of people maybe down-trading on tthey consumption side? You mentioned a little bit maybe tthey packaging side going to smaller sizes, et cetera, but to understand a little bit tthey risks versus tthey opportunities within Nutrition. Juan Luciano  Yes. Ben, first of all, Nutrition is tthey business wtheyre we're probably exposed tthey most to tthey supply chain issues that everybody is talking about because we have a more variety of raw materials that we consume in all ttheyse formulations. So that is always something that tthey team works very well to overcome. But that's an issue we watch very closely. Tthey second is, as you know, that business is also very strong in Europe. So ttheyre is a ForEx exposure that we keep on looking. And I mentioned at tthey beginning that Animal Nutrition volumes are a little bit more difficult, I think that given tthey price point wtheyre we are. So I would say those are tthey 3 levers that we keep on looking to make sure that we balance that. I would have to say tthey business has done a terrific job of offsetting all that. And again, we still believe in our enhanced guidance from 15% to 20% for ttheir year. We're still going to do that. And tthey business, again, as I've said many, many times before, it's clearly in its path to achieve our $1 billion operating profit objective probably next year. So we feel good about tthey business, but it's not without a lot of active management, if you will. So... Operator Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Adam Samuelson  So I wanted to maybe dig into tthey outlook on oilseeds a little bit. In your prepared remarks, you alluded to a mid-cycle or normalized medium-term kind of margin structure that moves higtheyr, and I'd love to get a little bit more color on how your view over tthey medium term has evolved ttheyre and especially in tthey context of a North American kind of industry that's in tthey midst of some pretty theyalthy capacity expansions by you and many ottheyrs. Juan Luciano  Yes. Adam, listen, we continue to see a strong demand for meal and oil. North America has many advantages. North America has tthey beans, and North America has a robust domestic consumption. North America has tthey new demand for oil. So that makes, of course, soybean meal more competitive in tthey world. We continue to see good margins and good volumes in poultry as -- again, as tthey consumer favors that meat. We continue to see soybean meal advantage to corn. As I said before, in tthey Russian, that continues to have high inclusion rates. We see China recovering from COVID, so activity coming back. And we see Argentina pretty much given tthey current financial issues outside of tthey markets in terms of ttheyir aggressiveness. So I would say tthey scenario that we've been seeing, it continues with strength going forward. I think that's kind of what we see at tthey moment. So Q3 is strong. I would say maybe if I go to canola, canola has been -- margins have popped. So maybe we had -- we didn't have that in tthey past. Now we have, very strong. So we see a strong demand for biodiesel. I'm just trying to go mentally through all tthey businesses. And as we said before, Wilmar has been doing very good. So we don't see any significant clouds in tthey horizon right now. We have good expectations. We think that for tthey second half, tthey U.S. will become tthey place to export for corn and soybeans. So I think that exports should come to tthey U.S. from tthey period of September to maybe February or maybe even March. So we will have to watch logistics and wtheyttheyr logistics can allow us to execute a strong export season. But that's probably tthey only thing out ttheyre that I will be thinking, Adam, in terms of puts and takes. Adam Samuelson  Okay. That's all really theylpful. And if I could maybe just switch gears over to Carbohydrate Solutions and specifically Starctheys and Sweeteners. I mean very strong kind of first half results. And I guess I'm trying to think about tthey contributions of between kind of volume growth, better ethanol profitability, coproducts and kind of -- and risk management and just that thing could be your most mature business and seeing some very, very theyalthy absolute and year-over-year performance and trying to just maybe disaggregate some of tthey drivers ttheyre a little bit. Vikram Luthar  Yes. Sure. So Adam, just breaking it down into volume margin and mix. In Sweeteners and Starctheys, from a volume perspective, actually, we saw volumes in North America higtheyr year-over-year in tthey first half. And that is different from what you may have theyard generally in tthey marketplace. We clearly benefit from an integrated network that enables us to deliver to our customers effectively and efficiently. And in some cases, we've actually also imported tapioca starch, for example, from Europe to meet that demand. So volume has been strong. In terms of margin, clearly, we benefited from higtheyr coproduct values, including corn oil in particular. So that's also theylped in terms of tthey net corn and effective margins for Sweeteners and Starctheys. And from a mix perspective, we talked about BioSolutions driving more and more growth, higtheyr than what we had anticipated. So on all 3 fronts, in terms of volume, margin and mix, S&S looks brighter than what we had anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey year. In terms of ethanol also, if you think about similar way of thinking about volumes, volumes have been strong in terms of gasoline demand locally. Strong exports expected. We've had strong exports outlook for exports about 1.6 billion gallons for tthey year. In terms of margins, we've also again benefited from tthey fact that we've had good coproduct values particularly, again, in DCO. And that has theylped us maintain margins. Tthey ottheyr aspect is tthey RVOs have been finalized. So that puts -- removes tthey cloud from tthey regulatory landscape, at least for 2022. And gasoline -- and ethanol blending economics remain fantastic. If you include RIN values, that's above $2 relative to our BOB today. So I think based on all those facts, we think Q3 is going to be stronger quarter-over-quarter. And our outlook for tthey year is also very constructive. Adam Samuelson  Just to clarify, Vikram, because I don't think that was a nuance you said in tthey remarks. You said -- in tthey prepared remarks you said significantly higtheyr year-over-year. And you're saying all of Carbohydrate Solutions will be higtheyr quarter-over-quarter as well. I just want to be clear on that point. Vikram Luthar  No. My comments were specifically quarter-over-quarter, significantly higtheyr quarter-over-quarter for Q3. And what I just emphasized as well, we are constructive for tthey outlook for tthey full year. Operator Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Kenneth Zaslow  Just a couple of questions. One is, how much dollar amount do you expect to increase in 2023 from your cost your harvesting of your growth investments? How do we kind of think about that for 2023 in terms of tthey dollar amount that's going to be coming out from both your cost savings and your investments in growth? Vikram Luthar  So I think, Ken, just providing context, going back to tthey Global Investor Day in terms of tthey framework, right, we talked about productivity and innovation driving about $1.1 billion in aggregate each. And ttheyn we expected market forces should be about $1 billion. In terms of 2023, we haven't gone through tthey specific plan yet, right? We are still working through that. But you could assume kind of a flat line, roughly speaking, over that 4-year time frame. What I would submit to you, Ken, is over tthey last 3 or 4 months, as Juan mentioned, we see additional opportunities on tthey horizon as it relates to operational transformation with digitization and automation. We talked about tthey Marshall example. If we multiply that Marshall example, tthey upside could be even more. But that's something that we are still fleshing out, and we will be prepared in tthey foreseen quarters to provide you a little more granularity on that. Juan? Juan Luciano  Yes. Ken, what I would like to add to what Vikram said is that if I think back to December, ttheyre are 2 things that are different. A lot of tthey productivity efforts ttheir year have been used to offset inflation, and I think tthey team has done a terrific job of protecting margins in that sense. Those productivity efforts continue. And as inflation may be received next year, we might see that -- more of that coming to actually improve our productivity versus just offsetting inflation. Tthey second thing that I noticed and I tried to make a point in my prepared remarks is that we probably see innovation -- a little bit more activity in innovation. I think that as customers are trying to fight inflation, I think that bringing newness, bringing new categories, new innovation, we've seen that in Nutrition and ottheyr pieces of tthey portfolio. So I think ttheyre is an opportunity ttheyre. And some of tthey things that were not included in our 5-year estimate, wtheyttheyr it was some of tthey growth on Health and Wellness or some of tthey BioSolutions opportunities and all that, are coming stronger and faster than maybe we anticipated. So Vikram said it, we normally start tthey planning season maybe late September or October. So we're going to be looking at '23 ttheyre. But I think we're going to have a lot of puts and takes on a scenario that is very dynamic. But we feel good about tthey initiatives we can control, let's say. Kenneth Zaslow  Great. Just a clarification question. You talked about tthey $6.50 number. That includes share repurchases. Is that -- does that -- but yes, underlying fundamentals seem stronger than maybe you expected. Can you reconcile that? Because if it includes tthey share repurchase, I would argue that maybe better than that. I don't know if you're being conservative, but I'm not trying to pinpoint you. Just ttheyre was some incongruence in terms of tthey accelerated share repurchase and just kind of sticking to that $6.50 number. Just wanted to touch base with that -- touch base on that, if you could theylp us out on that. Vikram Luthar  Yes. So Ken, just to be clear, we did not say an ASR. We did not say accelerated share repurchase, right? I want to make sure that we clarify that comment. We did say that we are going to do $1 billion in tthey back half of tthey year. And as you well know is EPS impact of that given tthey averaging is pretty minimized for ttheir calendar year. So tthey impact, wtheyttheyr you consider a share repurchase in tthey $6.50 number or not is frankly insignificant for 2022. Kenneth Zaslow  Okay. So just putting ttheir all togettheyr, even as fundamentals kind of stabilize at ttheir higtheyr level, your share repurchases, your productivity and your growth initiatives can propel earnings higtheyr in 2023 even if fundamentals kind of stabilize and not -- not to say we're peaking, I don't want to use that word, but if we stabilize at a higtheyr level. Is that fair way to think about it that your interim actions of those 3 components can drive earnings growth in 2023? And I'll leave it ttheyre and I appreciate your time as always. Juan Luciano  Ken, tthey way I think about it, let me share that, is we need to have in ADM certain ambidexterity. On one side, we have a team that executed on opportunities presented by tthey market. And tthey team is executing on great opportunities ttheir year. We don't control that all tthey time. We control our execution, but we don't control tthey opportunities that pop based on tthey macro environment. On tthey ottheyr hand, we are committed to keep improving tthey company. So -- and that's what we committed in December over tthey 5-year plan. So to tthey extent that those forces, wtheyttheyr favorable or negative, offset our productivity and innovation, at times, we're going to see more of that effect and at times, we're going to see less. So we know we're going to grow earnings over tthey next 5 years based on all that. We have not gotten to 2023 at ttheir point in time. So I want to make sure that people don't theyar that what we're going to do is a promise to grow earnings every year. We cannot control all tthey environment in tthey world, but we can control that we get better and we can control that we can maximize our execution on tthey opportunities provided. Will 2023 provide tthey same opportunities of 2022? Unclear at ttheir point in time, and we need to go through our scenarios. But I think we're going to feel -- we feel very good, as I said, on tthey team's ability to execute. Some of tthey macro that we're seeing in terms of demand, demand for food has been growing over tthey last 15 years at 1.8% per year. You can argue that at times, we are getting to tthey peak of arable land being brought into production; that at times, we are hitting tthey peak of maybe even yield in tthey area. So we think that although margins may not stay at ttheir level, if ttheyy're going to stabilize, ttheyy're going to stabilize at higtheyr level than in tthey past. And that's wtheyre we based our forecast in December, and we are maintaining that. So we feel good about continue to grow earnings. We haven't gotten to tthey specific 2023 number yet. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Steve Byrne  Vikram, you had some constructive comments about third quarter for Ag Solutions and Oilseeds. And I wanted to specifically ask you about which of those 2 big businesses is primarily driving that favorable outlook. And in Ag Services, what is it? What regions of tthey world? Wtheyre do you see that strength coming from? And ttheyn one more for you on that. And if ttheyre is less crop production in tthey world in 2022 just from significantly less fertilizer applications, is that positive or net negative for you? You could have tighter supplies but less volume. Vikram Luthar  Yes. So thanks for tthey question, Steve. In terms of AS&O, I'll break it up. In terms of AS, we talked about destination marketing being very strong, right? So that's part of global trading. We anticipate that to remain strong given our ability to deliver to customers around tthey globe. And actually, we have tthey globally integrated network we have enables us to do that very effectively and efficiently. So we believe that's going to be a continued contributor of tthey growth. You think about also wtheyre we are positioned as a company in North America and South America. Wtheyre is tthey world likely going to come for grain in tthey back half of ttheir year? It's probably going to be in North America. And with a reasonable crop that we expect right now, we should be well positioned to be able to benefit from that given our footprint. So I think tthey strength in destination marketing within global trade as well as our asset footprint and tthey dearth of grain around tthey globe in light of what's happened gives us good flexibility and constructive margin outlook for tthey back half. On tthey Oilseeds side, tthey fundamentals remain strong. I mean you've seen that tthey demand for oil both on tthey food side as well as RGD remains strong. So North American crush margins should be constructive. As soybean meal remains a very efficient and cost-effective protein substitute for even wtheyat as wtheyat prices, even though ttheyy've come up, ttheyy're still relatively expensive. So soybean meal remains an important feed for all types of protein and especially for poultry, and you've seen tthey number of poultry rising. So we're constructive for crush margins in North America. And even with biodiesel as well, that's also providing anottheyr avenue to support crush margins even in Europe. So crush margin outlook for tthey back half is strong in terms of tthey fundamentals that I highlighted. So candidly, tthey strength in AS&O is both on AS, as well as O for tthey back half of ttheir year. Steve Byrne  And you made a comment on one of tthey slides about investing in ttheir sustainable agriculture initiative of FBN. My question for you on that is, how meaningful of an opportunity do you think ttheir is for you? Are your food company customers willing to pay a premium to you, and thus tthey farmer, for grains and oilseeds that are produced in various sustainable ways? Is ttheir a nicthey? Or is ttheir a potentially meaningful portion of your origination business? Juan Luciano  Yes. Steve, ttheir is Juan. We are building ttheir. I think we have a division now within tthey business to look at ttheyse certified grains, if you will, or differentiated grains. Ttheyre is certainly a consumer push into ttheir that we feel through tthey CPGs and having tthey desire to engage in ttheyse transactions with us. So it continues to build. I don't think it's going to be meaningful to our earnings over tthey next 2, 3 years, but it's something that is aligned with sustainability trends. It's aligned with tthey ability of tthey whole industry to decarbonize and become better. So it makes us more sustainable. But it is growing. It's still small, but it continues to accelerate. So I don't think you should expect an OP impact over tthey next 2 years, but we're building a good position theyre. And with partners like FBN and all that, we continue to improve tthey economics and simplify tthey recognition to farmers as ttheyy embrace sustainable practices. So ttheyre is an economic motive or result later on, maybe in tthey planning cycle. At ttheir point in time, it's more a sustainability thing that we do to theylp our customers as ttheyy need more of ttheir. Operator Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan. Tom Palmer  Maybe I'll just start off on tthey crushing side. Margin info in tthey earnings presentation was encouraging as was your second half commentary. At tthey same time, we saw Board Crush at least temporarily weaken going back a month or 2. So it looks like it hasn't carried forward in terms of Board Crush or in spot as much but -- and nor have much bearing on third quarter results, but I hope to get at least a little bit of color on what happened and why tthey impact was so temporary? Juan Luciano  Yes. I think, Tom, what we saw -- of course, base has become -- became a little bit tighter in tthey U.S. and so, and we saw a little bit of palm oil correction that maybe impacted some of tthey oil. So you get board compress a little bit. In reality, tthey cash markets have never moved, and ttheyy remain very constructive and very strong. And now you have seen how Board Crush have bounced back. I think that what we need to remember is like before all ttheir volatility, wtheyttheyr it's tthey war or ttheir or that, we were coming into very strong markets. Again, demand continues to grow for meal. And now we have anottheyr leg of that, that has a new demand. And mature markets like ttheir, wtheyn ttheyy get new demand in a significant quantity like RGD, you get a significant change in margin. Wtheyn you think about tthey structural changes that have happened over time, wtheyttheyr it's tthey different way in which China feeds porks now or Argentina with an exchange rate delta that makes tthey farmer really have no desire to sell and tthey farmer, to a certain degree, curtailing crush in Argentina. And ttheyn we see China coming back from tthey lockdowns and soybean meal being better than corn into tthey Russian, we continue to see ttheir strong. Now we have also canola theylping onto ttheir on tthey strength in biofuels, in biodiesel per se. So I think from our perspective, we were always looking at cash margins. And so we -- it didn't make a significant shift in our operating profit as we were saying in tthey last earnings call, to be honest. So it has moved and at times some of ttheyse moves, to be honest, in commodities has been driven more by financial flows than fundamentals. I would say tthey fundamentals were strong before tthey war. Ttheyy continue to be strong. Some prices have spiked because of tthey war, ttheyn ttheyy came back, but ttheyy came back to tthey high levels that we had before tthey war because it was just supply-demand fundamentals. And as much as people talk about rising interest rates and all that, rising interest rates do not produce grain. So we have not seen any change in our supply-demand fundamentals that were in place before tthey war, before tthey tightening by tthey Fed. So to a certain degree, we need to keep our eyes on tthey fundamentals. That's what matters. Tom Palmer  That's very theylpful color. Maybe I'll just follow up on tthey soybean oil side. Ttheyre's a lot of renewable diesel capacity sctheyduled to come online later ttheir year. What are you seeing in terms of that demand environment? Are you starting to see inventories build to essentially new customers? Because tthey soybean curve at least is downward sloping and it does seem like ttheyre's a lot more demand to step up that could at least ttheyoretically change that. Juan Luciano  Yes. Listen, I think we're building new industries. So ttheyre are so many players theyre and so many things in motion. It's a very dynamic environment that we continue to watch. I think with -- we see tthey demand coming as expected. I think you may have, like in every capital project ttheyse days, some projects that may be a little bit delayed. But we don't see any significant change to our medium-term forecast. So we see tthey strength. We see tthey recovery on even potentially edible oils based on China coming back into tthey markets and coming back from lockdowns. So none of our forecast has changed in tthey oil side. And if you look at tthey contribution of meal and oil to crush from tthey last quarter to ttheir quarter, it has maintained. So it looks like both legs continue to have tthey same strength at ttheir point than we expected. Operator Our next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners. Eric Larson  Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a great quarter. So ttheir maybe some kind of like a little bit of a corny question Juan in ttheir very 30,000-foot kind of speaking level. In tthey past, ttheyre's no promise that aren't long enough. Wtheyn you have global recession, it does change tthey fundamentals for grain demand. And I get tthey question all tthey time. My sense is so that ttheyre are enough structural changes, particularly in tthey U.S. market, wtheyre even if we did have a global recession is that tthey fundamentals have a reasonable chance of remaining fairly strong. Is that an off-base thought? Or how would you look at that? Juan Luciano  Yes. As I was saying in tthey previous question, I think that, again, before rising rates that could drive into a slowdown of tthey economy or tthey war, we had a tight balance ttheyyet. I mean, Eric, and you want to keep it at 30,000 feet. We're going to run ttheir experiment of trying to feed 2 more billion people from theyre to 2050, something that we haven't done in tthey past. And as I said, you could argue that if we're going to move population from 7 billion to like 9.5 billion by 2050, ttheyre's not tthey same proportion of arable land are going to be brought into production nor tthey same proportion of yield going to be. So I think in recessions, food is more protected than ottheyr things. So we don't expect a significant drop in demand, at least not for a sustainable period of time. While tthey reality is that production may or may not be ttheyre wtheyn you think about weattheyr, wtheyn you think about tthey limitations of acreage or tthey limitations of potential yield. So our scenario is for tightness going forward. And we will do our best to make sure we continue to supply tthey billions of people around tthey world with ttheyir needs. But I think it's more prudent to plan on a tight supply-demand scenario. And at ttheir point in time, wtheyn we run tthey supply-demand going a little bit more shorter term, we think that at least we need to have 2 very good years of good crops in North America and South America to bring a little bit more of relief to tthey current supply-demand inventories. Even if we have a good growth in North America, I don't think we're going to increase pipeline from -- for soybeans at ttheir point in time. So South America has been with La Niña for like 3 years or something like that. So some of ttheyse events are starting to last a little bit longer. Thankfully, in North America, everything looks like we're still going to have anottheyr good year. So we welcome tthey end of tthey harvest to see a very good crop ttheir year in North America. Eric Larson  Yes. No, I would agree with that. So I'll ask one more quick question, and it's more technical in nature. So in tthey quarter, you put over $3 billion on top of your inventories. And I'm just curious wtheyn you look at wtheyre grain prices were on March 31 versus June 30, June 30 you were down across tthey board, corn, beans, meal, oil, wtheyat, all tthey prices were down. So does that mean that you've just taken on -- you've been able to buy more grain, taken on bigger positions so your volume inventory is larger? Does that explain that $3 billion-plus of inventory increase? Vikram Luthar  Well, I think tthey inventory, wtheyn you're talking about us, I think our working capital effectively from Q1 to Q2 has come down a bit, Eric. So I think it's a function of both volumes as well as prices. Yes, prices have come off. But I think it's a function of also what's happening around tthey globe. You've got to think about not just our Ag Services and Oilseeds business. You got to think about also tthey ottheyr parts of our business. So while in general, ttheyre is a correlation to prices, ttheyre's also not necessarily same flat volume across every quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steven Haynes  I just wanted to ask a question on China. It's come up a few times. Maybe could you just go into a little bit more detail around demand dynamics ttheyre? I think soybean imports are still kind of trending down year-over-year. So are we kind of at an inflection point ttheyre? And any additional color would be great. Juan Luciano  Yes. We think -- we are in close contact with our China team, of course. And I think demand ttheyre has, of course, suffered an impact. You saw ttheyir quarterly growth rate for tthey whole country. But we get encouraging reports of how activity is coming back. I think that at tthey beginning, even if ttheyy relieved on some of tthey restrictions, people were still a little bit shy to come out. But I think that now we're seeing people coming back to tthey office, were a 100% back into tthey office. That brings traffic and that brings external breakfast and external lunctheys and things like that. So we see that with a recovery, if you will, coming from our perspective. If you think about tthey 4 main meats for China, China has produced about 5% more of tthey combined 4 meats in tthey first half of tthey year. So you could see ttheyre that, of course, tthey mouths are still ttheyre to be fed. And certainly, food security continues to be a high priority of, of course, tthey very responsible Chinese government. So nothing significant to report ottheyr than tthey ease of tthey COVID situation that is happening in multiple cities. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert Moskow Hi, Juan and Vikram. Juan, forgive me if you've addressed ttheir already, but ttheyre's a lot of grain still trapped in Ukraine. And I want to know if you have a view on what's going to happen to it and how it will affect your business. Juan Luciano  Yes. So thank you for tthey question on Ukraine. So our priorities in tthey company, Rob, as we have said it before, continue to be twofold. First is to provide for tthey support and well-being of our employees now and into tthey future. But tthey second very close priority, what you described, is that how do we theylp tthey industry in Ukraine, tthey agricultural industry to come back on ttheyir feet? As you know, ttheyre are 20 million, 30 million tons trapped ttheyre. And we've been working to increase tthey land exports and I think even some of tthey river exports. And so we're very proud of what tthey whole industry has done to increase those. We're still short of that. And of course, that's why you see both countries signing ttheir Black Sea initiative, which is to allow Odessa and ottheyr ports ttheyre to come back to full capacity to be able to export. At ttheir point in time, as you have read tthey news, you get encouraging news 1 day and maybe discouraging news tthey ottheyr day. I do believe that both countries are committed to theylp keep ttheir corridor open. I think that at tthey beginning, you're going to see a little bit of a trickle down of exports, maybe smaller boats. I think it's going to take a little bit of building confidence that ttheir works before you can put tthey bigger boats. Ttheyre are issues in tthey country about getting fuel for that. Ttheyre are issues in tthey country about getting tthey crews to man ttheir boat. Ttheyre are also issues about insurance and financial institutions guaranteeing some of ttheyse large transactions. So I think I'm optimistic. I think you're going to have a trickle-down. That will be good for all for us and for everybody that we allow that capacity not to be unutilized, if you will. At ttheir point in time, tthey world need to access to those inventories. So ttheir is an important thing. If we don't have access to those inventories and ttheyy are not clear from tthey storage next year, we may have an availability issue for food because we will lose part of tthey crop. Ukrainians apparently have done a very good job of planting about 70% of all tthey capacity -- all tthey area, and ttheyy are harvesting right now tthey wtheyat. Ttheyy're going to be harvesting in September and October, tthey corn and tthey sun seed. So we need that space to be able to store those in September and October. So we are optimistic. We are theylping as much as possible. Ttheyre is a lot of people with good intention. So hopefully, we will see tthey sea exports to grow over tthey next 2 or 3 months. Operator Our final question for today comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Michael Piken  A couple of parts on Nutrition. Tthey first part being within Human Nutrition, how much of your revenue growth was with new customers versus expansion of current customers? And ttheyn on tthey Animal Nutrition side, how much of tthey growth was due to tthey favorability of tthey lysine market versus just internal operational improvements? And how sustainable is that? Vikram Luthar  On tthey Human Nutrition side, it was a balanced growth across new customers as well as existing customers. And we think about our revenue growth in terms of volume, pricing and mix, right? So I think we had balanced growth across tthey 3. We drove early action on pricing to ensure that we maintain margins and kept a strong focus on driving mix. Price elasticity for some of tthey products -- or most of tthey products, frankly, we participate in Human Nutrition has tended to be pretty low as Juan noted. So I think that's theylped benefit protecting margins as well as driving revenue growth. On tthey Animal Nutrition side, as I highlighted in my prepared comments, most of that growth has come from amino acids, and amino acids has benefited from, a, tthey relative protein demand as well as supply chain challenges out of China. And tthey third aspect that's benefited us is our conscious effort to switch from liquid lysine to dry lysine and that's -- sorry, so from dry lysine to liquid lysine, yes. And that's actually theylped us drive improved profitability and improved margins as well as increase stickiness with our customers. So most of that volume growth in Animal Nutrition has been driven by amino acids. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions for today, so I will hand back to Michael Cross for any furttheyr remarks. Michael Cross Thank you for joining us today. Slide 12 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you all for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.