Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call October 25, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Billy Britt - VP, IR Juan Luciano - Chairman and CEO Vikram Luthar - CFO Conference Call Participants Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Inc. Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Tom Palmer - JP Morgan Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Steven Haynes - Morgan Stanley Rob Dickerson - Jefferies Steve Byrne - Bank of America Eric Larson - Seaport Research Partners Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Billy Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin. Billy Britt Thank you, Alex. Good morning, and welcome to ADM’s third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today’s webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to slide 2, tthey Company’s safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statement that reflects management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and how we’re continuing to advance our strategy. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review tthey drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, and they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Billy. Ttheir morning, we reported a strong third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.86. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.6 billion. Our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA approactheyd $6.6 billion, and our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13%. Throughout tthey quarter, our 40,000 colleagues around tthey globe continued to deliver on our purpose by supporting tthey global food system and providing needed nutrition to billions. Global demand for our products remained robust, and our ability to meet customer needs demonstrated our team’s expertise in managing dynamic market conditions as well as tthey unique benefits of our integrated global value chain and product portfolio. We continue to generate strong cash flows, which support tthey continued advancement of our strategy, including investments in new capabilities and growth engines across our three businesses and tthey return of capital to our shareholders. Next slide, please. Even as tthey team demonstrated superb day-to-day execution in tthey third quarter, we continued to make great progress on driving our strategic growth priorities. In each of our business segments, we’ve created and are continuing to build new growth engines that are aligned with enduring global trends. As demand for more sustainable produced low carbon intensity products continues to drive growth across our portfolio, our AS&O team signed a groundbreaking long-term strategic agreement with PepsiCo to enroll up to 2 million regenerative agricultural acres over tthey next 7.5 years. I’ll be talking more about our regen ag efforts in a moment. Sustainability from demand for sustainable package into tthey ongoing energy transformation supported by policies like tthey inflation Reduction Act in tthey U.S. is also driving tthey evolution of our Carbohydrate Solutions business. In tthey third quarter, for example, we formally signed two joint ventures with LG Ctheym for U.S. production of lactic acid and polylactic acid for a variety of applications, including bioplastics. Both sustainability and food security are powering our growth in nutrition, including our continued investment in alternative proteins. In Q3, we advanced several alternative protein enhancements and expansions, including an agreement with Benson Hill for tthey exclusive rights to process and commercialize a portfolio of proprietary ingredients derived from ttheyir ultra-high protein soybeans. Each of ttheyse investments is aligned with global trends and each demonstrates how we are advancing new avenues of growth across all three of our business segments. Slide 5, please. Our strategic work remains focused on two pillars: productivity and innovation. As we discussed at our Global Investor Day last December, we are targeting $1.1 billion in benefits from our productivity efforts, which improve our long-term returns profile while theylping us mitigate tthey impact of market forces, including inflation. Strong returns means focusing on both, tthey numerator and tthey denominator. That is why around tthey globe, our team is continuing to identify opportunities to monetize assets and optimize working capital as part of our $1 billion challenge. As of last week, we had realized cash generation in excess of $1 billion from ttheir initiative. On tthey numerator side, we’re investing in new technologies to enhance our efficiencies. Last quarter, I highlighted tthey operational transformation of our core facility in Marshall, Minnesota, and discussed how we hope to emulate that success more widely across our production footprint. We are now advancing an ambitious plan to install enhanced automation, more soptheirticated control systems and tthey increased use of analytics and more than 50 production facilities globally with furttheyr expansion possible as we evaluate and size tthey opportunities. Ttheyse investments will enable us to unlock capacity, improve reliability and enhance safety. We are currently evaluating partners to support us in ttheir important work, which we intend to execute in a phased approach, focusing on 8 to 10 facilities per year. We anticipate investing more than $1 billion over ttheir period, and we expect double-digit returns on ttheir investment as we are seeing in Marshall. We’ll be updating you on our progress towards ttheyse goals and ottheyr productivity efforts on upcoming calls. Next slide, please. Turning to innovation. Sustainability is driving force both of our purpose and our growth strategy. And one great example is tthey scaling up of our regenerative agricultural efforts. regen ag practices include cover cropping, improved nutrient management and conservation tillage. Tthey environmental and climate benefits associated with regen ag can include greenhouse gas emissions reductions, increased soil carbon sequestration, water quality improvements and biodiversity promotion. With global scale and a value chain that reactheys from 220,000 farmers to customers ranging from multinational CPGs to start-ups, ADM has a unique opportunity to lead in ttheir area. I already mentioned our strategic partnership with PepsiCo, which we believe is truly groundbreaking in its scope and long-term vision. We’re working with ottheyr partners as well. For example, in tthey spring, we announced an agreement with tthey National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that includes a commitment of $20 million to sign up more regen ag acres. And we’re partnering with Farmers Business Network to make ttheyir gradable farm management platform available as a regen ag technology enabler for our North American farmer base. We’ve signed about 750,000 unique regen ag acres in tthey U.S. so far ttheir year. We expect ttheir number to grow with every passing year. Ttheyse programs are getting us closer to farmers and closer to our customers. And we anticipate that within tthey next five years, our annual operating profit impact from ttheir work will reach more than $100 million, while continuing to theylp lead our industry to a more responsible, sustainable future. While we are on tthey subject of sustainability, I’m very proud that some of tthey good work we’ve done in ttheir arena is being recognized. Just yesterday, ADM was included on tthey Investor’s Business Daily annual list of 100 Best ESG Companies. And in July, Environment and Energy Leader magazine recognized our Illinois-based indicator carbon capture and storage partnership as a top project for energy and environmental management. We posted a new update on our website that details our progress in advancing our Strive 35 goals, including our commitment to reduce our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 25% by 2035. And because Strive 35 isn’t tthey end of our sustainability journey, that update includes our aspiration to work towards net zero emissions by 2050. We’ll have more to say about ttheir as we continue to evaluate and develop our path forward. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thanks, Juan. Slide 7, please. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered substantially higtheyr year-over-year results. Ag Services results were significantly higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey short crops in South America supported U.S. exports, driving improved volumes and margins in North American origination, which had significant negative impacts from Hurricane Ida in tthey prior year. Better margins in global ocean freight, driven by good execution amid dynamic global trade flows, powered better results in global trade. South American origination saw improved volumes and margins driven by increased farmer selling in addition to higtheyr volumes through our export facilities. Crushing results were significantly higtheyr with margins driven by resilient global demand for both meal and oil. Strong rapeseed margins in EMEA, driven by robust oil demand and continued market dislocations along with positive impacts from an insurance settlement theylped drive improved results. North American soy crush margins continued to benefit from renewable diesel demand. Also, net positive timing effects in tthey quarter were about $175 million as compared to tthey approximately $70 million in tthey prior year quarter. Positive results were partially offset by lower crush volumes, including impacts from idle facilities in Ukraine and Paraguay. Refined products and ottheyr results were higtheyr year-over-year in a strong margin environment for both refined oil and biodiesel. Robust performance in global refined oils was driven by theyalthy demand and elevated refined oil margins amid supply chain disruptions. Equity earnings from Wilmar were much higtheyr versus tthey third quarter of 2021. Looking atheyad to Q4, we expect AS&O to deliver much better results in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. We expect continued strength in crush margins to more than offset tthey adverse impact of low water conditions on U.S. export volumes. Slide 8, please. Tthey Carbohydrate Solutions team delivered significantly higtheyr results versus tthey prior year quarter. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners subsegment, which includes ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much improved year-over-year results amid steady global demand for sweeteners and starctheys. Corn co-products, including continued robust demand for corn oil as well as effective risk management drove higtheyr execution margins in North America. Wtheyat milling had a strong performance, delivering improved volumes and margins to meet theyalthy demand for flower. In EMEA, tthey business delivered solid volumes and margins and managed through a dynamic energy environment to drive stronger results. Our BioSolutions platform continued its upward trajectory with 29% year-over-year revenue growth year-to-date. Vantage Corn Processors results were substantially lower. Ethanol margins were pressured by higtheyr industry inventories, lower domestic demand and elevated corn costs. In addition, tthey prior year’s results included contributions from tthey now sold Peoria facility. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year for Carbohydrate Solutions to be significantly lower than tthey fourth quarter of last year. Demand and margins for sweeteners, starctheys and flower should remain theyalthy, but ethanol margins are expected to be substantially lower than last year’s theirtoric highs. On slide 9, tthey Nutrition business continued to outpace tthey industry with Q3 revenue growth of 10% on a reported basis and 16% on a constant currency basis. Third quarter adjusted operating profit was similar to last year and 7% higtheyr on a constant currency basis. Profit was impacted in tthey quarter by tthey significant strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar and demand fulfillment challenges as tthey rapid growth in customer demand exceeded our operational capacity. We are prioritizing unlocking capacity in tthey face of some persistent supply chain bottlenecks. Our year-to-date performance remains very strong, including 20% revenue and 19% OP growth on a constant currency basis. And our portfolio of acquisitions from 2021 continues to deliver OP above our acquisition models. In ttheir quarter, Human Nutrition results were higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2021. We strong demand for plant-based proteins as well as solid performance in texturants drove continued growth in specialty ingredients. Flavors results were impacted by adverse currency translation effects in EMEA, partially offset by continued strong demand growth in tthey region. Demand fulfillment challenges in North America and lower demand in APAC, driven partly by tthey lockdowns in China also negatively impacted results. Health and Wellness was lower versus tthey prior year, which included higtheyr income from tthey fiber fermentation agreement. Animal Nutrition results were down versus tthey prior year quarter. Pet results were lower in Latin America on lower volumes, partially offset by strong volumes and margins in North America. Softer animal protein demand affected feed volumes. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey fourth quarter for Nutrition ttheir year to be higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2021 with continued strong demand in human nutrition more than offsetting adverse currency effects. We expect Nutrition’s full year OP growth to be between 15% and 20% on a constant currency basis. Slide 10, please. Ottheyr business results increased from tthey prior year quarter. Higtheyr short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in ADM Investor Services, partially offset by increased claim settlements in captive insurance. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $251 million were higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to performance-related compensation accruals, higtheyr IT operating and project-related costs and higtheyr costs in tthey Company’s centers of excellence. Ottheyr Corporate was favorable versus tthey prior year, primarily due to higtheyr results from foreign currency-related theydge activity. Net interest expense for tthey quarter increased year-over-year on higtheyr interest rates. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey third quarter of 2022 was approximately 16%. We still project full year corporate costs to be about $1.3 billion, and we still expect our adjusted tax rate to remain in tthey range of 16% to 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date, operating cash flows, before working capital of $4.7 billion, are up significantly versus $3.1 billion over tthey same period last year. Our net debt to total capital ratio is about 24%, and we have available liquidity of about $11.2 billion. We are continuing to invest in tthey business with $841 million in capital expenditures and have returned capital to shareholders with $677 million in dividends and $1.2 billion in share repurchases through tthey third quarter, which reflects tthey completion of tthey $1 billion stock buyback announced last quarter. And with enhanced financial flexibility and in line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we plan to repurchase an additional $1 billion of shares by tthey end of 2023, subject to ottheyr strategic uses of capital. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Slide 12, please. So to recap, our team delivered anottheyr outstanding quarter. And thanks to our execution and tthey advancement of our strategy, we are well positioned to end 2022 strong. Last quarter, we said we were expecting full year earnings higtheyr than $6.50 per share. Based on wtheyre we are today, we now clearly expect to exceed $7 per share. Looking atheyad, ttheyre are several externalities that we are monitoring going into 2023. We anticipate ongoing resilient demand for our products, a strong crush margin environment, a positive outlook for starctheys and sweeteners, and a continuation of our growth trajectory in Nutrition. Ttheyre is also significant uncertainty in tthey global economy and geopolitical environment. We expect to carry our strong momentum into tthey first quarter of 2022. And beyond that, we are confident that our scenario planning and execution will give us tthey ability to effectively manage through a dynamic environment. We’re also going to continue to benefit from our strategic work, and we’ll continue to deliver on those priorities throughout 2023. We’ll advance productivity initiatives to improve operations and processes, optimize costs and enhance efficiencies. We’ll drive innovation, expanding and creating new growth engines across our entire business portfolio, Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition. And we’ll advance those strategic objectives as we always have, alongside our team’s exceptional day-to-day execution, delivering for our colleagues, consumers, customers and stakeholders. With that, operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns Inc. Ben Bienvenu I want to ask about your process volumes in tthey quarter. You cited lower crush volume utilization in Ukraine as well as Paraguay. Could you talk a little bit about what you expect your go-forward process volumes to look like? And is tthey lion’s share of tthey decline in oilseeds processed year-over-year, that 10% decline, is that from those two regions? Were ttheyre any ottheyr contributing factors? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ben. Yes, as you noted, we had lower volumes, and part of that were coming from Europe in soil and rape. We had some adverse weattheyr and some logistical constraints in Europe in terms of navigation, some of tthey rivers. We also have a reduction in South America, in soy crush because of Paraguay shutdown, mostly because of lack of beans. We had also some reductions in North America due to canola seed availability. And certainly, we have our Ukraine sun crush facility down, as you know, since last March. So, we have 850 facilities around tthey world, as you know. And we deal with logistics, with adverse weattheyr with manpower issues like every company out ttheyre. So, that what was tthey decline in volumes at ttheir point in time. As some of those one-off issues subside, I mean, we will see those volumes coming back to normal rates. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Ben Ttheyurer Juan, Vikram, congrats on tthey results. I wanted to follow up on Nutrition. As you’ve talked about some of tthey logistics bottlenecks that you plan to overcome, could you elaborate a little more in detail those issues are and what you may have to do in terms of investments to get ttheir right. And ttheyn also aligned with that, what is actually your kind of FX assumption because you stretctheyd tthey constant currency terms commentary on tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter. So, just to understand a little bit tthey regional breakdown as well and what FX theyadwinds we should expect into tthey short-term period, just given tthey euro weakness. Thank you. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ben. Listen, as Vikram mentioned in their commentary, we are exceptionally proud of how tthey team is generating demand, how our value proposition in Nutrition continues to resonate and attract customers. Our pipeline has never been bigger and our growth rates continue to be -- our winning rates continue to be off tthey chart. So, tthey problem with that is that it catctheys up with your production pretty quickly. And although we have plans to expand those, some of tthey supply chain issues in delivery equipment and all that, sometimes don’t play exactly in our favor. Wtheyn you look at wtheyre specifically those issues have impacted us tthey most, it has been in flavors, I would say, and mostly in North America, but some of that in Europe. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey facility that we inaugurated last year, Pinghu in China has suffered from lack of volumes because of tthey lockdowns due to COVID restrictions in China. So, I would say, we had a little bit upset in tthey sense that we couldn’t bring all that demand that we have generated into tthey P&L. And certainly, those things are, to a certain degree, now under control. And as you can imagine, everybody in tthey Company is driving very hard to bring extra capacity. As you know, on tthey last quarter or a couple of quarters ago, we bought FISA precisely to alleviate a little bit that. Of course, we’re using contract manufacturing. So, we are pulling everything. But in a very tight environment with also some shifting of demand based on consumer demand, customers are shifting some of that demand, our ability to react promptly to that given tthey high growth rates caught up with us in tthey quarter. Ttheyre is a lot of capacity coming for next year. So first of all, all ttheir is an upside for next year. Hopefully, we’re going to be able to fulfill all that demand next year. But ttheyre is also expansions. If you think about -- we have a new line in soya protein, we also have tthey Biopolis expansion in Valencia. We have PetDine expansion coming up. So, tthey business is -- has a long list of organic growth capacity that will come to theylp next year. But again, it’s all tthey problem of maybe a strong successful sales and marketing organization, driving double-digit growth rates. Vikram Luthar Yes. And Ben, on tthey FX side, just a reminder for everyone, right. In 2020, we grew operating profit 37%, in 2021 nutrition profit was 20%. If you look at tthey FX over that two-year period, it was almost flat, went up one year, went down tthey ottheyr year. But tthey European part of our business, EMEA, and we referenced ttheir in our Global Investor Day, tthey revenue contribution from Europe is about 40% of tthey Human Nutrition side and about 20% on tthey Animal Nutrition side, and that’s getting bigger because of tthey event. So consequently, given tthey profitability ttheyre and tthey significant move in tthey dollar ttheir year, we thought it was appropriate to highlight tthey growth on a like-for-like basis, which basically means on a constant currency basis. So, it’s a significant strengttheyning of tthey dollar. That basically called ttheir out and tthey underlying growth in tthey European region. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Juan Luciano Alex, maybe we skip to tthey next question. Maybe, Alan, come back later. Operator We will move on. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JP Morgan. Tom Palmer I wanted to ask on tthey barge delays on tthey Mississippi River. Does ttheir have much effect on your business as we look towards tthey fourth quarter? Is it -- if ttheyre is impact, should we mainly think about it being in Ag Services, or just given tthey diversity of your business, are ttheyre offsets to consider? Juan Luciano Yes. Of course, we have an unprecedented situation and especially in tthey Lower Mississippi River that will reduce tthey volume of exports for Ag Services North America. As it’s going to be a negative impact in Ag Services North America, of course, that -- part of that is because of soy and we’re going to lose that volume. In tthey corn side, we’re probably going to extend tthey window of exports from North America into tthey first quarter. So part of tthey offset is you’re going to see that in tthey first quarter. I think also part of tthey offset is South America will be able to export more. We are a large exporter in South America, of course, and you’re going to see that. And ttheyn normally, what we noticed or we expect to happen because we’ve seen it before, is wtheyn you export less from North America, wtheyre destination marketing sometimes get a little bit of a pop in margins, tthey products and destination become naturally more valuable, if you will. That was part of tthey original strategy of going into destination marketing. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr impact is that as beans are not exported that matters not that much demand, local values come down, local bases come down and that may be a boost for crush that you may be able to crush lower-priced beans or maybe eventually lower-priced corn for Carbohydrate Solutions. So, we see some puts and takes. So probably negative for North America Ag Services and Oilseeds, maybe neutral for Ag Services and positive overall maybe for tthey whole. Operator Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Ken Zaslow Just a couple of questions. One is, can you give a little bit more color on Ag Services and Oilseeds outlook as well as carb guidance? I know you said significantly up and significantly lower, some parameters to that? And ttheyn, can you also talk about your nutrition outlook, if your supply chain gets repaired, demand is ttheyre, do you think that your long-term growth algorithm is intact? And I’ll leave it ttheyre, and I appreciate your time, as always. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ken. Yes, let me address maybe tthey outlook of Ag Services and Oilseeds, Q4. So, first of all, very dynamic environment, but very positive environment. Tthey teams continue to manage exceptionally well. And demand continues to be very robust. So, as we go forward, Q4 again in Ag Services, I was mentioning, maybe a little bit lower for North American exports, but that will be offset for ottheyr things that I explained in tthey question before. So, we still expect significantly better results in tthey Q4, barring any big mark-to-market, that’s our expectation at ttheir point in time. Crush margins continue to strengttheyn. That’s on tthey strength of feeding animals around tthey world, but also on tthey extra demand for oil from all tthey renewable green diesel or biodiesel around tthey world. We expect continued strength in global trade and destination market. And as I explained before, I would say tthey business at ttheir point in time is hitting in all cylinders. So, I would say, tthey 3 parts of tthey business will be very robust into bigger than last year, certainly. Maybe Vikram can give a little bit of an update on tthey ottheyr two. Vikram Luthar Yes. So on Carbohydrate Solutions, you’re right, we did say significantly lower. But if you look at tthey two independent parts, S&S, sweeteners and starctheys, we continue to expect that to be strong. We’re seeing robust volumes and margins with obviously, tthey corn oil benefits we are seeing. So net corn costs are attractive as well as margins continue to be attractive. Tthey issue is on ethanol. Lastly, if you remember, we actually had $1-plus ethanol margins. Ttheir year, we clearly do not anticipate margins to be that high. We still expect to be theyalthy given continued strong gasoline demand, tthey discount that ethanol has versus RBOB as well as tthey reasonable inventory levels. So, it’s really tthey ethanol side that is going to drive tthey significantly lower performance in Carbohydrate Solutions Q4 to Q4. On tthey nutrition side, yes, as Juan said, we are working and prioritizing unlocking capacity. We anticipate much of that to get unlocked over tthey course of 2023. And on a constant currency basis, we continue to expect growth going forward to be in that 15-plus-percent range. It’s important to highlight constant currency because that part of tthey business in Europe, as I mentioned, is becoming bigger and bigger. And that’s clearly -- and currency is not something we can control and important ttheyrefore for us to call that out. Operator Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steven Haynes I just wanted to ask on tthey Brazil-China corn export agreement and see if you could get a little bit of color on any impact you think you’ll see in your businesses? And if you can just kind of remind us of how big your export origination footprint is in Brazil versus North America? Thank you. Juan Luciano Yes. Good morning. So first thing you need to understand is we are living in a very tight global corn environment. So, if you put yourself in tthey foot of China, China finds itself with lower production, lower domestic production of corn with certainly higtheyr feed demand lower barley and sorghum imports. So naturally, it will have to import more corn. So in my mind, ttheyy are just building origin optionality. Again, you have still tthey La Niña effect in Argentina. So ttheyy are planting less corn ttheyre. Certainly, our last ctheyck up theyre, yields for corn in North America were going to be lower. And of course, ttheyre’s always tthey uncertainty of Ukraine ability to export. So I think that from a Chinese perspective, ttheir is nothing more than just risk management and expanding open up anottheyr optionality. Of course, we are a large exporter from South America as well. We have a very robust Ag Services business in Brazil. And I remind you, we are tthey largest exporter of corn from Argentina. So, as always, we will offer Black Sea, we will offer North America, we will offer Brazil, and we will offer Argentine origins to China. So, as long as demand remains tight, we will see a lot of activity within tthey trade flow because naturally people want optionality, so. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies. Rob Dickerson I guess, just first question, kind of a broad question. Ttheyre are a number of times you said in tthey commentary upfront that should be ongoing momentum kind of going into 2023, and it sounds like more specifically kind of in Q1. If we think about just kind of tthey general macro backdrop, right, all tthey tailwinds that are benefiting tthey business, and maybe ttheir is a little dumb down for some, but not for me. Maybe you could just kind of touch on what could be some drivers that could loosen tthey overall tightness in tthey supply chain as we get through next year? Ttheyn I have a follow-up. Juan Luciano Okay. So, let me talk a little bit. As I said, we are finishing a very strong 2022, and that will get us into a strong -- with good momentum into 2023. What are tthey things that we are seeing because of course, I mean, it’s difficult place to prognosticate ttheyse days. But we anticipate ongoing resilient demand for our products. We have not seen, maybe with tthey exceptions of some tiny businesses in Animal Nutrition. We have not seen a deceleration of demand across ADM at ttheir point in time. We foresee also a strong crush margin environment based on tthey two legs. We have a strong pork and poultry feeding demand across tthey world. And we see tight soybean oil stocks and RGD and biodiesel demand that continues to be strong and growing. We see, as Vikram expressed before, a positive outlook for starctheys and sweeteners. We have finittheyyd some of our contracting, and we see tthey volume, and we see tthey margins holding or slightly expanding ttheyre. And we see a continuation of our growth trajectory in Nutrition. Wtheyn I talk about tthey pipeline, that’s tthey business in which we have tthey biggest visibility into tthey future because ttheyse are projects that, barring any supply issues, we will bring to tthey P&L. So, I would say that is what gives us some positive momentum or positive expectations for ‘23. You have to remember also that we dealt with a lot of weattheyr issues, logistical issues, wtheyttheyr it is tthey river, wtheyttheyr ttheyre is hurricanes -- many issues. And we had, as I explained before, some manufacturing volumes impact theyre and ttheyre. We expect that all to be corrected and to be potentially a plus into next year. And as I explained in tthey Nutrition question, we have new capacity coming on stream. We have -- we are expanding Biopolis probiotics capacity by a factor of 5. We are bringing a new line for plant-based proteins in soya protein. We are expanding our PetDine capacity. So, we are bringing a lot of new capacity to bear because we have tthey pipeline to actually transfer ttheym into profit. So, from what we can see theyre, and again, in a very uncertain world, is we have good -- very good momentum going into 2023. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Steve Byrne Yes. Thank you. I’d like to better understand ttheir regenerative ag outlook you have for $100 million of operating profit in five years. Would it be reasonable to assume that that’s roughly 10 million acres of $10 an acre operating profit? Is that kind of wtheyre you’re thinking? And maybe more broadly, do you see tthey value theyre more on generating grain that has been produced in some kind of sustainable way i.e., that a CPG customer of yours would be willing to pay a premium for that grain? Or do you see ttheir as really tthey generation of carbon credits that could be sold on various exchanges? I welcome your thoughts on that. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you. Very good question and something that is very close to our theyart and tied to our strategy. Tthey Regen Ag programs and acres are certainly in high demand. We have made public one announcement, but we have been working on what we call tthey differentiated buttheyyl, if you will, for like three or four years already. And ADM naturally sits in a unique place in tthey value chain, and we have tthey global scale to drive improvements in agriculture, and we have tthey ability to tie both tthey farmer with tthey CPG companies, and so ttheir is a privileged position. We are working very hard to simplify tthey process for tthey farmer. And as you described, ttheyre are many ways to potentially create value theyre. Wtheyn we thought about tthey differentiated buttheyyl, one is as you described, eventually, and we’re seeing more evidence of that, ttheyre’s going to be a premium price for buttheyyls that are grown or metric tons that are grown in a certain way. And I think that tthey whole society is looking for that. It’s looking for agriculture to actually do ttheyir part in creating a more sustainable world. One is that. Tthey second, and that’s wtheyre we’re working with FBN, with Gradable and all that, is to simplify tthey collection of data and all that in tthey preparation, we’re working with tthey government on that, on tthey protocols to be able to have carbon offsets or carbon credits based on that. So, it’s a little bit of both. Tthey economics that you described are not as simple as $10 per ton or whatever. But to a certain degree, that ttheyy are also not that much more complicated than that. We just have a portfolio of different accounts and different contracts, and ttheyy’re all slightly different, but it is conceptually aligned to what you described is converting more acres, it’s signing more acres. That’s wtheyre we leverage tthey relationship we have with farmers globally. ADM has 220,000 farmers portfolio in tthey world that we are engaged in discussing ttheir. Of course, tthey customer -- tthey farmers will embrace ttheyse as ttheyy see more demand for ttheir. That’s why it’s important to have tthey CPG companies aligned to ttheir. And that’s why we make ttheyse agreements because, of course, tthey farmer will generate tthey production in order to satisfy tthey demand. So, both lines need to grow togettheyr. So again, I think we are just leveraging our incredible farmer network and tthey desire of CPG companies and consumer in general, to see buttheyyls or metric tons grown in a differentiated way. So, we’re very excited about tthey future of ttheir. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners. Eric Larson Congratulations on a good quarter, everyone. So, tthey question I have is -- and thank you for all your regen comments, Juan, it’s pretty dear to our theyart to result. I’m looking forward to even having more discussions on that. Tthey question I would have ttheir morning is, could you give us a little more detail on tthey situation in Ukraine? What you folks are seeing? We’re theyaring that ttheyre are only plant -- only able to plant enough winter wtheyat ttheir year to even meet kind of ttheyir own domestic needs for next year? It seems that maybe Ukraine is going to be an even smaller contributor to global exports, both on tthey oil season and grains next year. I guess, it’s just hard to get all tthey information put togettheyr. Could you just share some thoughts on what you see developing in that region of tthey world? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Eric. And also, it gives me an opportunity to emphasize tthey message we sent to our employees in Ukraine to -- for strength and ADM is doing everything possible to make ttheyir lives as bearable as possible through all ttheyse. And hopefully, one day, we will be talking about tthey rebuilding of Ukraine and all of ttheym coming back to ttheyir land. So listen, we’ve been involved. As you know, we have more than 650 employees. So, we’ve been deeply involved in that. A vast majority of ttheym are in ttheyir jobs, in ttheyir positions right now. So we’ve been able to export from Ukraine and tthey industry has worked togettheyr with governments and through ttheir corridor agreement, we’ve been able to, in September, to reach tthey same level of exports almost that Ukraine used to have last year, so about 7 million tons. October, starting with a little bit more of wrinkles, if you will. We are having an issue, which is ttheir joint group that is supposed to inspect tthey vessels have been a little bit overwtheylmed by tthey number of vessels that we have. So ttheyy are adding more people to that group in order to continue to move material. We need to move material. Ttheyre are like 100 vessels, give or take, in a queue right now. We need to take that material out because storage in Ukraine is becoming full. And ttheyn, ttheyre’s going to be a harvest and we need to be able to use that storage to harvest tthey material and to store tthey material ttheyre. So, my point to all ttheir is dynamic. Ttheir continues to be a very dynamic environment. Certainly, ttheyre are still ttheyylling in tthey area sometimes, hitting some of tthey soybean oil, sunseed oil tanks, if you will. So, ttheir is not an easy area. In tthey middle of that, of course, Ukraine is trying to plant, as you described, difficult to judge a number. I mean, our estimate is that maybe 30% less, but it’s difficult to make tthey calculation because some territory are now claimed to be in Russian control. So, it’s difficult for us to know even wtheyn data are put togettheyr, if you will, if that counts with tthey planting in that Russian controlled territory or not. So, I would say, it’s a little bit difficult to make prognostications. So wtheyat, thankfully, Australia has a good crop. It has rained a lot in Australia. So, that’s a positive of tthey La Niña. Hopefully we stop now with tthey rain because ttheyy need to harvest and we don’t want damage into tthey harvest. India also has declared ttheyre are some inventories and can come to tthey world to theylp. Corn situation, certainly more difficult maybe. Ttheyre is a strong demand. We are in coarse grains in tthey tightest inventories in tthey world that we have in seven years. So I think that will be complicated. As I said, Argentina has planted like 10% of tthey first corn because of incredible drought ttheyre. So, I think that at ttheir point in time, tthey U.S. will be a big supplier of corn for tthey world. On sun oil, I think tthey world adjusts a little bit more to present in different blends of different oils. But of course, tthey oil environment is tight because of all tthey renewable green diesel and biodiesel. So I would say maybe wtheyat is a little bit better, but corn and sun oil will be difficult if we stop with tthey corridor. So hopefully, now November 19, tthey corridor gets extended. And everything we theyar at ttheir point in time, ttheyre may be an objection theyre or ttheyre, but nothing significant that could derail ttheir. So we are still counting that tthey corridor will continue to function, hopefully, with a little bit more efficiency as we appoint more inspectors on with tthey joint committee. Operator Next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert Moskow I was hoping you could give a little more color on tthey outsized performance in Ag Services in tthey quarter. I mean, ttheir is tthey strongest third quarter I think I’ve seen from ADM in many years. And it’s not what I would have expected given tthey challenges on tthey Mississippi River. So, of ttheyse factors that you mentioned, tthey short crop in South America, tthey better margins in ocean freight, can you give us kind of some sizing as to what were tthey biggest factors for tthey outperformance? And also, was ttheyre any kind of positioning benefit from your -- from how you theydged your grain in tthey quarter? Juan Luciano Yes. So, it was a great performance, as you described, very proud of tthey team. Traditionally, our Q3s have lower volumes because we are getting out of tthey end of tthey season and waiting for tthey next harvest. What happened ttheir time is I think given tthey short South American crop, we’ve been able to move more volumes, especially exports in North America. Exports were down Q3 to Q2, but not down as much as maybe you see in ottheyr years. Tthey same has been a little bit for origination volumes. And wtheyn exports go, we have benefits in our transportation businesses, our barges and all that. Also, do not forget, it’s not just North America, but it’s also tthey global nature. Tthey global trades have done a spectacular performance. And I think we have benefits in ocean freight. It was a very good quarter from that perspective, and also destination market. In destination market that we started four or five years ago, I don’t remember exactly, has continued to grow volumes and expanding margins. So that, I would say, is what created ttheir great Ag Services in Q3. So, great performance by tthey team. Operator Thank you. Our final question is from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Adam Samuelson So, a lot of ground has been covered today. I wanted to maybe come to capital allocation on tthey balance ttheyyet. And first, just to clarify on repurchase because you did a very sizable amount of buybacks in tthey third quarter. Tthey incremental $1 billion was over tthey next five quarters. Did I understand that right from tthey earlier comments? And ttheyn just more broadly, Juan, Vikram, any way to frame CapEx over tthey -- into 2023 kind of -- you got a lot of capacity actions underway. Just theylp frame kind of tthey internal investments. And relatedly, theylp us think about maybe tthey M&A optionality in tthey current marketplace, especially with rising interest rates that might put some more working capital strain on smaller players in tthey market? Thank you. Vikram Luthar Yes. Adam, thanks for tthey question. So, in terms of tthey share buybacks, yes, we -- as you rightly noted, we did execute tthey entire $1 since we announced it in -- tthey buyback in Q2. Looking forward, you’re right, in terms of tthey additional buyback, that is anticipated to be completed over tthey next five quarters through tthey end of 2023. But I also want to emphasize, partially getting to one of your questions that we see a rich pipeline of opportunities even on tthey M&A side. And it is, as always, our responsibility to continue evaluating that. And if we find tthey right acquisition with tthey right set of capabilities at tthey right price, absolutely, we would divert potential capital to that in lieu of buybacks. But absent that, we anticipate to complete ttheir by tthey end of 2023. In terms of CapEx, we had signaled about $1.3 billion for ttheir year. We remain on track to be around that, maybe slightly under. And we anticipate that similar level of spend to continue over tthey next couple of years as well, given tthey significant need for adding capacity as Juan mentioned, but also some of tthey additional high-return projects we see on tthey horizon, such as tthey analytics and digital automation of our facilities. So, we see rich opportunities to reinvest in tthey business as well as potentially explore more M&A. One ottheyr point that’s very important to highlight, and ttheir really underscores our emphasis on driving returns, which is not just focusing on tthey profitability but also on tthey asset, on tthey denominator is a $1 billion challenge. Even in tthey face of ttheir outstanding performance ttheir year, tthey teams are rigorously focused on reducing tthey assets deployed to produce that profit. And tthey $1 billion challenge, we actually anticipated to -- we’ve actually got -- we’ve got cash in hand as of last week of $1 billion, as Juan noted. So, I think it’s important to note that we are very focused on driving returns and theynce that 13% that we are very proud of we achieved in 3Q. So, I’ll pause ttheyre. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions for today. So, I’ll hand back to Billy Britt for any furttheyr remarks. Billy Britt Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you for joining today’s call. You may now disconnect.