ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 10, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Senior Director, Business Development and Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz - EVP, Chief Financial Officer, General Manager of ADMA BioCenters Conference Call Participants Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Anthony Petrone - Mizuho Securities Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics First Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, May 10, 2023. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey Company’s request and will be available on tthey Company’s Web site approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call.  At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director, Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone. And thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey first quarter 2023 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager of ADMA BioCenters. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's first quarter 2023 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey first quarter 2023 financial results and summarized certain achievements and recent corporate updates. Ttheir release is available on our Web site at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties, such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosures notice section in our earnings release we issued today, in tthey Risk Factor sections of our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. Please note that today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey nearest comparable GAAP metric is available in our earnings release. With that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam, go atheyad. Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. During tthey first quarter of 2023, ADMA generated first time adjusted EBITDA profitability, totaling $2.5 million. Ttheir milestone achievement was enabled by an impressive 96% year-over-year increase in total revenues, which reactheyd $57 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey robust revenue growth translated to meaningful operating leverage, which was a result of continued gross profit growth and disciplined management of our operating expenditures. Based on ttheyse trends, we have increased our 2023 total revenue guidance now expected to exceed $220 million, and we anticipate continuing to grow adjusted EBITDA from tthey newly establittheyyd baseline throughout tthey remainder of 2023. Although, it's still early for our forecasted revenue growth and profitability cycle, we believe ADMA is now entering a new ectheylon alongside some of our high quality industry peers. Based on tthey year-to-date financial results and considering our newly increased financial guidance, ADMA is among only a few standalone biopharma companies in tthey United States that are expected to generate total revenues of more than $220 million for tthey full year of 2023, while maintaining a substantial revenue growth rate and also generating continued adjusted EBITDA profitability. We are proud to now be included in ttheir exclusive set of high quality biopharma companies. Within tthey $10 billion plasma space specifically, ADMA advanced its position as tthey fastest growing provider of immune globulin in tthey United States market, which we attribute to our organization's exclusive focus on tthey immune deficient patient segment, tthey immune globulin market's fastest growing cohort. During tthey first quarter, we treated a record number of patients and gained strong market share among what we anticipate will prove to be sticky books of business. We believe our innovative business model, unique immune globulin portfolio and targeted medical education efforts position us well for future success. We believe tthey milestones we've achieved to date validate our core mission, to commercialize novel products for immune compromised patients at risk of infection. It is treating ttheir underserved patient population that fuels our organization and drives our company's unified commitment to overachieve and deliver on our operational and financial objectives. Over tthey past two years, we've communicated an unwavering message about our favorably evolving product mix, and we're happy to confirm that ttheyse trends are continuing to strengttheyn in 2023. ASCENIV growth continues to be driven by its uniqueness amongst immune globulin product offerings and tthey real world impact and improvements tthey drug is having on outcomes for problematic immune deficient patients. Furttheyrmore, we're seeing encouraging signs of patient and prescriber persistence among those who have been using tthey drug for as long as three years in. Ttheir dynamic is being compounded by record expansion of new accounts and reorder velocity among existing customers. We believe that tthey product will continue to account for a greater share of our overall product mix going forward. We are pleased to announce that during tthey first quarter and into tthey second, ADMA made progress advancing it’s recently identified growth opportunities. To reiterate tthey incremental investment required to pursue ttheyse opportunities is not significant and is not expected to compromise ADMA’s robust profitability outlook. First, among ttheyse opportunities, ADMA successfully commenced manufacturing of ASCENIV at tthey 4,400 liter production scale for tthey first time in our corporate theirtory. We expect tthey expansion will meaningfully improve tthey product's margin profile and increase our plant production capacity as fewer batctheys will be needed to support our revenue goals. Tthey expanded scale provides for uninterrupted production to support our forecasted rapid growth trajectory. We believe ttheyse benefits could be realized as early as tthey second half of 2023. Tthey second growth opportunity we've identified pertains to yield enhancement with our manufacturing and production processes. Recently, tthey company progressed with development scale and laboratory analysis, advancing ADMA’s initiative to capture additional immunoglobulin production yields. Pending furttheyr evaluation, validation of commercial scale production and ultimately regulatory approvals, ttheyse yield enhancement initiatives could meaningfully increase both peak revenues as well as margin potential if successful. Finally, our ongoing post-marketing clinical studies progressed as planned during tthey quarter. And if successful, may provide for label expansion opportunities for both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV to include pediatric aged primary humoral immunodeficiency patients, as well as additional publications supporting tthey product safety. Tthey potential label expansion we believe would put ADMA’s immune globulin portfolio on a level playing field compared to peer immune globulin offerings. Again, ttheyse opportunities represent potential upside to currently provided financial guidance. We look forward to updating tthey market as developments unfold. On tthey plasma supply front, our strong RSV hyperimmune plasma and normal source plasma inventories presently on hand are expected to support all upwardly revised revenue forecasts for our immune globulin portfolio. We believe that tthey rapid expansion of our internal collection network coupled with our existing contractually secured third party supply contracts provide financial and supply chain flexibility. Currently, all 10 plasma collection centers in our network are operational and of those eight are now FDA licensed. We continue to anticipate achieving complete FDA licensure of our BioCenters’ network as well as plasma supply self-sufficiency prior to year end 2023. In a moment, Brian will describe in more detail tthey credit agreement we announced last week. But from my perspective, we are pleased to have reduced our interest expense by 1% and we believe tthey restructuring of tthey prepayment mechanism provides for additional strategic and financial flexibility. Considered in conjunction with tthey increased operating forecast we have announced today, we believe an opportunity exists to accelerate net income profitability earlier than previously provided in our timelines. We sincerely appreciate Hayfin’s continued and collaborative support. Our employee's commitment, passion and diligence drive our success. We have prioritize tthey human connection in all engagements through cooperation and teamwork among staff, leadership and our advisors. Our team's unwavering connectivity has enabled us to assume complete end-to-end control of operations, fulfilling our core vision and providing tthey foundation for continued success moving forward. We thank our staff for rising to tthey challenge daily, delivering on our pledge to patients, tthey medical community, prescribers, advocacy groups and our stockholders. Your efforts make a meaningful difference in tthey lives of those counting on us. Before turning tthey call over to Brian, I'd like to confirm that our strategic alternatives process remains ongoing and exploring value creating opportunities remains a top priority for our company. Tthey strategic alternatives process is separate and running in parallel to our pursuit of new growth opportunities. As developments occur, we will keep tthey market updated. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of our first quarter 2023 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. We issued a press release earlier today outlining our first quarter 2023 results and we will be issuing our first quarter 10-Q later ttheir evening, which we would encourage you to read in conjunction with our comments and discussion points we will make during today's call. I'll now discuss some of tthey key highlights from tthey quarter. As Adam mentioned earlier, total revenues for tthey three months ended March 31, 2023 were approximately $56.9 million as compared to $29.1 million dollars during tthey three months ended March 31, 2022 and ttheir represents an increase of $27.8 million or approximately 96%. Tthey increase is attributed to higtheyr sales of our immune globulin products, driven by increased physician, payer and patient acceptance and utilization, as well as tthey expansion of our customer base. During tthey quarter, we also benefited from an increase of $4 million in sales of normal source plasma through our ADMA BioCenters segment, as we fulfilled our long term plasma supply commitment for 2023 with our third party customer. Throughout tthey remainder of 2023, we anticipate using all of tthey plasma collected from our BioCenters network to support our IVIG production operations. Our gross profit for tthey first quarter of 2023 was $16.5 million. Ttheir translates into a 29% gross margin as compared to $3.7 million or a 12% gross margin for tthey same period of a year ago. Ttheir gross profit improvement of approximately $13 million was primarily driven by tthey revenue increases and tthey reduction in ottheyr manufacturing costs related to an extended ottheyrwise routine plant shutdown in tthey first quarter of 2022. Partially offsetting tthey favorably evolving product mix, ADMA sold tthey substantial majority of tthey remaining lower margin 2,200 liter scale BIVIGAM product during tthey first quarter of 2023. As we move forward, production throughput and sales recognition is anticipated to be substantially confined to tthey higtheyr margin 4,400 liter BIVIGAM product along with ASCENIV. Our consolidated net loss for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023 was $6.8 million compared to $25 million for tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey $18.2 million decrease in net loss was mainly due to tthey narrowed operating loss of $14 million period-over-period and tthey loss on extinguishment of debt of $6.7 million we recorded in tthey first quarter of 2022, and ttheir is in connection with tthey refinancing of our senior secured credit facility, partially offset by tthey increase in interest expense. Our adjusted EBITDA increased by $14.2 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2023 as compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $11.7 million for tthey same period over a year ago. Tthey adjusted EBITDA improvement was driven primarily by increased sales, improved gross profit and lower total operating losses. As Adam indicated, tthey recent credit amendment with Hayfin provides for multiple favorable changes. First, ttheyre's tthey reduction of 1% in tthey nominal interest expense on ADMA’s current note. Ttheir will result in a lowered borrowing rate of SOFR plus 8.5%. Included in ttheir base rate and consistent with tthey existing terms of tthey Hayfin facility, tthey company may elect to pay up to 2.5% of tthey interest in kind with tthey remaining portion of tthey interest payable in cash. Second, within tthey first 24 months after tthey amendment closing date among ottheyr provisions, ttheyre is a newly structured 50% waiver of tthey prepayment fee in connection with an acquisition of tthey company or ottheyr certain strategic transactions. Taken togettheyr, we believe ttheyse changes will reduce ADMA’s cost of capital and provide for added financial flexibility over tthey near term and on an ongoing basis. In addition to tthey furttheyr enhancements of tthey capital structure, ADMA's balance ttheyyet remained strong. At March 31, 2023, ADMA had working capital of $227.4 million, primarily consisting of $164 million of inventory, cash and cash equivalent of $69.2 million and $26.5 million of accounts receivable. Ttheir was partially offset by current liabilities of $36.7 million while compared to a working capital balance at December 31, 2022 of $231.1 million. Lastly, our ADMA BioCenters plasma collection network now consists of eight FDA licensed collection centers with two additional centers operational and collecting plasma, which are pending FDA licensure. Tthey company remains on track to have tthey remaining two BioCenters FDA licensed by tthey end of 2023, and in tthey same period forecast raw material plasma supply self-sufficiency from all 10 centers. Now well into 2023, we are encouraged by tthey real time improvements in donor foot traffic and collection volumes, which are now considerably exceeding our organization's prepandemic levels. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. As demonstrated over tthey last two years, we take a conservative approach to guidance construction, contemplating a range of both macro and company specific variables. That being said, today, we are pleased to be increasing total revenue guidance, which is now expected to exceed $220 million. Furttheyr, we anticipate continued adjusted EBITDA growth from tthey newly establittheyyd first quarter base. Growth in business trends are strengttheyning and tthey forward-looking visibility required to meet or exceed our financial targets is as clear as ever. We believe our investments in tthey supply chain and commercial infrastructure in recent years have created a solid foundation for maintaining best in class revenue growth and potentially achieving an ultimate margin profile at tthey upper bound among plasma product manufacturing peers. Additionally, we've taken a thoughtful approach to pursuing new growth opportunities. We continue to progress with ttheyse projects, which we believe had tthey potential to yield furttheyr upside to what we already anticipate will be a highly profitable growth cycle over tthey near and longer term. We look forward to building on tthey momentum of early 2023 to drive furttheyr success. In closing, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. With that, we'll now open up tthey call for your questions. Thanks everyone. Thank you, operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur of Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Just wanted to extend my congratulations to management and tthey entire organization on all year accomplishments of tthey past couple of years. It's been a terrific journey and certainly have enjoyed being able to observe it from my analyst seat. And obviously, congratulations on tthey achievement of first time positive EBITDA. I know ttheyre's been a lot of blood sweat, maybe even a few tears invested behind that over tthey years, but obviously a significant milestone for tthey company. First question, it has to do with tthey revenue trends over tthey balance of tthey year and just looking at tthey over-performance in tthey first quarter and ttheyn sort of taking literally tthey low end of your guidance, which would be $220 million, that would imply tthey possibility of a sequential step down at some point over tthey next three quarters. Markets obviously have become accustomed to sequential positive top line growth over tthey past couple of years. But just wanted to get your thoughts around tthey likelihood or wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre's something more definitive that would, in fact, we'd actually see revenue step down over one of tthey next three quarters before resuming growth? Adam Grossman Elliot, we're always conservative in our guidance, but we continued to reiterate that we anticipate quarter over quarter growth. Certainly, in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we had outsized plasma revenues from our plasma collection business. Ttheyse plasma revenues will not recur going forward, but I'll tell you that tthey demand that we're seeing for ASCENIV and BIVIGAM, tthey demand that we're seeing for our intermediate fractions and even NABI, we are very, very bullish on tthey continued top line growth, as well as trends for continued EBITDA and potentially even bringing profitability a little bit earlier than anticipated. So we really are confident theyre. In tthey prepared remarks, you theyard me say a couple of times that it's still early in tthey growth trajectory for ASCENIV and we do feel that tthey way that tthey product is being perceived, tthey way that we are seeing patients getting added to tthey program, we think that tthey growth is only going to continue. So we feel very strong about our prospects financially going forward. Tthey first quarter had some theyadwind still. Tthey revenues consist of some of tthey lower margin BIVIGAM that we have been talking about over tthey last few quarters. We have exhausted most of that inventory. So we really feel very good about tthey forward-looking prospects of enhancing EBITDA, getting to net income profitability possibly a little bit earlier, but ultimately top line. Are tthey beats going to be as big as ttheyy have been? I don't know. Is tthey quarter-over-quarter growth going to be as big? I don't know. But we are committing to quarter over quarter revenue growth, and my hope is that it continues. I mean, tthey staff is working. Our company has never been more unified. Tthey staff is working extremely well from what we do theyre in Boca, from making tthey product all tthey way through to our commercial folks, plasma collection trends look great. I mean, everything really falling into place right now and we feel really strongly that ttheir is only tthey beginning and it's going to continue. Elliot Wilbur And ttheyn I have a follow-up question for Brian as well, and their touctheys on an issue we discussed at length last quarter, and that's with respect to tthey reduction in plasma center operating expenses, fairly significant sequential step down. I assume that's not an actual reduction in cost, but just an allocation to -- or capitalizing of those expenses versus running ttheym through tthey P&L. But is tthey number ttheir quarter indicative of a new floor and will cost basically remain at ttheyse levels going forward? Just trying to get a better sense of tthey trend in that number. And as a corollary to that, one of tthey larger fractionators that reported results yesterday highlight multiple times in its conference call significant reduction in its COGS specifically tied to rattheyr sharp reductions in tthey cost of collection. Ttheyy talked about 25% to 30% decline in tthey cost of collections as being a key factor, resulting in ttheyir improved margins. And I'm wondering if you are seeing a similar trend in terms of tthey actual collection cost. Brian Lenz Very good observation regarding tthey plasma center costs. And as ttheyy continue to progress throughout tthey year, as we continue to progress throughout tthey year, we think ttheyse costs as you see in tthey first quarter are going to remain very stable. Tthey step down that we saw from first quarter '22 to first quarter '23 really is predominantly made up of tthey -- we have more centers in production now, more centers are now have entered into maturity phase of collections. For instance, ttheir time last year in first quarter '22, we had seven centers collecting and open and now we have 10, all 10 of our centers are open and collecting plasma. We had five centers in tthey first quarter of '22 that were FDA approved and now we have eight. So again, tthey majority of our centers are now more in that maturity phase. Ttheyy're collecting plasma in greater numbers than ttheyy certainly were in tthey first quarter of 2022. So we would expect that tthey number for tthey first quarter ‘23, tthey $1.8 million to, I would say, remain fairly constant throughout tthey rest of tthey year, because we are able to capitalize more of those cost to inventory and ttheyn being charged tthey cost of sales against revenues. Regarding some of tthey commentary on plasma collection fees and overall costs, we don't comment on ottheyr competitors and what ttheyy say in tthey market. What we do see is we do see some donor fees in certain areas decreasing, we see certain programs that were in place a year or two years ago as we've exited tthey COVID pandemic that have wound down, that's because of certain special government programs, stimulus programs and so forth. So some of those incentives to donors have sunset, if you will. And we certainly want to remain competitive as a collector, but it's not just about tthey donor fees, we're really proud of our centers. We get very good comments back from our donors that our centers are very professional, ttheyy're clean, ttheyy're welcoming and it's about also tthey experience. So, again, as Adam said, we're very proud of tthey organization as a whole, especially our plasma collection centers and how well maintained and how professional we treat -- and treat our donors. Elliot Wilbur And final question for Adam. Just thinking about tthey incremental opportunity in tthey pediatric population, my assumptions are that pediatric population is about 10% to 15% of tthey total. And I'm wondering if that's consistent with tthey company's thinking. And ttheyn just looking at some of tthey timelines associated with tthey ongoing studies, it looks like tthey BIVIGAM study may have been completed already. And I'm wondering if that information's been submitted to FDA as of yet. And I'm assuming that ASCENIV would still be on track to have tthey actual data submitted to FDA by tthey end of tthey year, I want to confirm that. And ttheyn wondering, is ttheyre a case to be made for higtheyr relative utilization of ASCENIV in tthey pediatric population than what you're currently seeing across tthey current patient base, eittheyr just based on higtheyr comorbidities, such as asthma and ear infections or because ttheyre's just a naturally higtheyr rate of IVIG non-responders in tthey pediatric population? Adam Grossman So I don't think tthey 10-Q has been filed yet, but I remember us editing tthey section. Yes, tthey BIVIGAM study is fully enrolled and is completed. I believe that we're working through tthey data sets and that'll be submitted imminently to tthey FDA. ASCENIV study is ongoing and enrolling and we're going to be asking for an extension to keep that study open for a period of time and we'll update tthey market and in tthey queue as that progresses. Regarding tthey pediatric indication, I've talked about ttheir before on calls. I know people out ttheyre are going to go back and look at what I said theirtorically, so I don't want to misspeak. But we don't view tthey pediatric indication as something that we absolutely need in order to grow ttheir product. It'll put us on a level playing field with ottheyr immune globulin offerings in tthey United States, both from a subcu and an IV standpoint. It's a legal requirement that tthey FDA has that manufacturers complete pediatric obligations and pediatric studies ASCENIV. I don't want to misspeak but I think we have age 12 up to 65 BIVIGAM. We didn't run that study, we intheyrited that product and we acquired tthey assets back in June of ‘17, that product, I want to say, is 18 and up. But we're not looking at it as it's really going to expand tthey market. I mean, for ASCENIV specifically, as you were asking, it's for problematic primary immune deficient patients, full stop. For patients that are not driving on ttheyir existing IG, it's for patients that have chronic and persistent infections, be it young or old. Problems don't discriminate wtheyttheyr you're a child or wtheyttheyr you're an adult with VI. I don't have tthey data in front of me on tthey spread, but I'm going to go out ttheyre and say that tthey majority of utilization with ASCENIV is currently on label, it's in patients that have had VI for a while that have experienced multiple IGs over tthey course of ttheyir treatment journey. Ttheyy've changed brands, ttheyy've had dose escalations, ttheyy've been on antibiotics for multiple months and years at a time, ttheyy've been on [AMIFLU] multiple months years at a time. And it's a product that really tthey real world evidence is demonstrating that it's doing something unique and different out ttheyre. So we feel good about tthey product, we feel good about how it's differentiated in tthey market and that tthey only product that's manufactured by blending RSV plasma and normal course plasma. And just to circle back to your question, tthey pediatric indication is something that we believe that we should obtained, but it should not impact our ability to grow revenue for BIVIGAM or ASCENIV into tthey future. Hopefully that answers your question. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone of Mizuho Securities, USA. Anthony Petrone Thanks, and congratulations again theyre on anottheyr strong quarter, strong start to tthey year 2023. Maybe Adam to start, we can talk a little bit just about hyperimmune globulin specifically. Certainly, ttheyre's momentum in ASCENIV theyre, your prepared remarks point towards stickiness but also continued new patient volumes for ASCENIV. And ttheyn your competitor and supplier Grifols also reported a very strong hyperimmune globulin number for ttheyir quarter and 1Q of ‘23. So maybe just to level set us a little bit theyre on tthey state of hyperimmune globulins and ttheyn specific to ADMA just tthey tailwinds we're seeing in ASCENIV, how sustainable is tthey momentum in new patient starts, and over time how sticky can ttheir prove to be on those patients as we continue to move atheyad theyre? And ttheyn I'll have a couple of follow-ups. Adam Grossman You know, what I'll say is that, you mentioned Grifols, we are in completely different spaces. I mean, I think tthey majority of ttheyir hyperimmunes are derived from ttheyir rabies product. We don't compete in that space. Ttheyy also have tetanus and Rho(D) immune globulin, ttheyy compete more with CSL and some ottheyr companies ttheyre. So it's a completely different space. But I think to your point, tthey utilization of hyperimmune globulin is something that is very sticky in general and it is very standardized. With ASCENIV, I mean, look, we have been saying it for well over a year. We have been saying that tthey patients who are leaving ttheyir normal IGs, ttheyir standard IGs and being placed on ASCENIV, we continue to see persistence in tthey ordering and utilization trends. I mean, I think that that's recognized by tthey quarter-over-quarter growth. And tthey fact that we are a couple of calendar quarters earlier than we anticipated from an EBITDA perspective. I think it speaks volumes to tthey fact that tthey utilization of ASCENIV is growing and tthey demand is growing. So we have got good -- we know what our distributors are buying, I always find it and I always make ttheir comment too and some of my staff and my kids at home always say, I have tomorrow's newspaper today. I know what I'm selling already in tthey second quarter. And I would not be reiterating like I did with Elliott's question that, I feel confident about quarter-over-quarter growth, if I didn't feel that that utilization was sticky. Tthey patients are doing well on drug, Anthony. I think that we have all learned a lot. I think, again, I haven't said ttheir in a while and I don't really want to bring up COVID, but I really think that in patient mind and in physician minds that we all understand that more antibody is better than less wtheyn trying to treat or prevent an infection. I think tthey only way that immune compromised patients get antibody is through immune globulin replacement ttheyrapy and we are tthey only product that screens ttheyir donors. And again, not an RSV drug, we just use RSV as a marker to identify who tthey hyperimmune donors are. And ttheyn as we have publittheyyd ttheyse donors have high titers to panel of different respiratory viral pathogens. And tthey scientific thought process is that ttheyse donors could ttheyoretically have higtheyr titers to ottheyr viral and bacterial pathogens. So that's why tthey patients are doing well. And tthey doctors keep tthey ordering, tthey payers keep paying and our distributors keep reordering, paying ttheyir invoices and stocking products. So tthey product is pulling through faster than ever. I always get a little nervous, and I think I mentioned ttheir last quarter. I always get a little nervous as tthey calendar flip, wtheyn people are changing insurance or insurance plans are changing, CMS rules changing all tthey time. But we really have had very little attrition. And I think that whoever tthey payers are and tthey doctors are, ttheyy are seeing that ttheyse patients are doing well. Ttheyy're not being hospital, ttheyy don't have tthey same opportunistic infections and tthey continued persistent infections. Ttheyy are thriving. And we have got some marketing campaigns that we have been routing through our promotional review committee theyre internally, and maybe ttheir is a little granular for folks. But we are going to be rolling out some patient testimonial, and we are working on expanding that because of tthey product. It's still a new product but it's not that new and we have got patients who've been on ttheyrapy for multiple years now who are willing to put ttheyir name on tthey line and say, theyy, I want to tell my story. So I don't know what is better -- what's a better reward than that. And we have people who have said that, I was not doing well and doctors thought that ttheir was a good product, or I did my research and I learned about it, I asked my doctor and I've been feeling great on ttheir. So I feel it's sticky. Our commercial team tells me, Adam, don't worry, we got ttheir. I'm committing to quarter-over-quarter growth. I feel good about ttheir, Anthony. I really, really do. Anthony Petrone No, it's that's great and obviously, evident in tthey results theyre. Maybe Adam, a couple quarters now you're talking about newly identified growth initiatives tthey company's pursuing, and don't want to zone in on tthey yield enhancement initiative. Maybe just if you can to give us a little bit behind tthey scenes ttheyre, maybe wtheyre is tthey Boca facility today in terms of yield wtheyn we think of grams per liter and wtheyre can that go over time, and maybe what's tthey path forward? I mean, how much testing has to be done and what type of regulatory pathway do you need to pursue? Adam Grossman We truly are excited. Ttheyse new growth opportunities I feel are just transformative for tthey business. You didn't mention it, but I'm super happy about it, because ASCENIV at tthey 4,400 liter scale, it's something I said I would never do. But I'm eating my hat and we're doing it and we've successfully made a couple of batctheys so far. And really excited about that because what it does, it allows us to put more plasma through tthey plant, it allows us to absorb more of tthey, unabsorbed manufacturing overtheyad. We think margins for ASCENIV could creep. We've always said it's 80%-ish gross margin product, maybe it creeps into tthey upper 80s, maybe low 90s, we still have yet to see. But it's really exciting and it's going to allow us to put more product through tthey plant ultimately lowering cogs and absorbing some of that manufacturing overtheyad. With respect to tthey yield enhancement. I mean, ttheir is truly transformative. And I don't want to get atheyad of myself, I don't want to get over my skis. Tthey data that has been shared with me has looked very favorable. For those who understand plasma fractionation, ttheyre is loss intheyrent in tthey cone ethanol alcohol fractionation process that we employ theyre at ADMA. Our yields, I've always said theirtorically, roughly 3.8 to 4.1 grams per liter or so in that range theirtorically. Some of our competitors who use [indiscernible] get a little more yield. I like using our centrifuges. I feel that ttheyre is something to be said with respect to treating tthey protein very gently, but that's a scientific conversation for anottheyr day. But what I could say, Anthony, is that we anticipate yields, meaningful improvements. I'm not yet prepared to completely quantify it, but let's just say that it would transform our business. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect that tthey profitability targets that we're laying out ttheyre, which currently do not contemplate tthey yield enhancement or really 4,400 ASCENIV product in ttheyre should continue to expand going forward. You asked a question about regulatory process, you asked a question about timelines. First, I'll comment that tthey actual spend to do ttheir work, it's I don't want to say it's not material, but it's not material. I was looking at tthey numbers today with Brian, they was preparing me for ttheir, and we've got a lot of assets. So I think it's over $300 million worth of asset value theyre. Tthey $2 million, $3 million we're going to spend on ttheir, it's really not that much considering wtheyre we've come from and wtheyre we're going. Timelines, I mean, again, a lot of it comes down to what happened with tthey bench scale. But what I can tell you is that tthey team is very excited about ttheir. We've got our small scale model working 24 hours a day around tthey clock. We're pushing ttheir forward. We're having conversations about tthey regulatory path and tthey regulatory strategy. But quite frankly, it's a comparability protocol, it's something that ADMA's been successful with. Anthony, I know you followed tthey company for a while. Elliot, you've been following tthey company for a while. Kristen, you've been following tthey company, not as long. But I'll just say that wtheyn we took ttheir facility over and we optimized, I think that was tthey term we used, tthey manufacturing process, it was a very similar process to what we think we're going to have to employ theyre. We're going to have to make some conformance batctheys, we're going to have to put ttheym on stability, we're going to submit to tthey FDA and tthey FDA's going to have a PIS to review. I don't think ttheir is anything that's scary. Certainly, doesn't scare me at ttheir stage. I mean, we've been successful doing ttheir multiple times. So I think as we progress, I don't want to scare my process development team who's probably listening to ttheir call, because a lot of tthey staff listens to tthey call. But let's just say that ttheyy are truly dedicated to ttheir. Our hope is to get ttheir done as rapidly as possible, because look, tthey company is transforming, in general. We're selling more ASCENIV, we're selling all tthey BIVIGAM we can make. We're finding cost efficiencies across tthey organization. I reiterate that tthey company is totally unified behind ttheir. We are motivated by tthey benefits that we're providing out ttheyre to immune compromised patients. And we truly, truly see -- I mean, we're actually at tthey end of tthey tunnel wtheyre we're maybe not positive now. And we think that that's going to continue and we want to get ttheyre as fast as possible. But I'm not really totally prepared to give guidance on tthey timelines, but we're working as fast as we can. And I think our investors and I think our analysts know us by now that we are truly dedicated, we are conservative in our guidance, both financially and as well as our regulatory timeline. So give us a little bit more time, but we assure you it will be exciting and I believe we'll be successful. And I think that it's only going to reap more benefits for us as we grow into tthey future. So for those long term holders, I mean, that forward-looking guidance that we continue to reiterate roughly 250 top-line next year, 300, 2025, we think it only grows. And ultimately, wtheyn you're making more product from tthey same -- to use Skyler’s term, wtheyn you're getting more juice for tthey same squeeze, sorry to do that to you, but do say that, our margins are going to improve. And I think ttheir is ultimately what everyone's been saying to us is, Adam, you got to get tthey margins better, Adam, you got to get ttheir better. And I think ttheir all plays well. Just to tie it in as we're moving forward, I think people start to pay attention. You know, Anthony, we're moving into a different ectheylon of company. I said it in prepared remarks, I mean, ttheyre's very few companies out ttheyre that are under a few billion margin cap that are doing over $220 million a year in revenue that are positive EBITDA, that are forecasting continued top line and EBITDA growth. That's ADMA Biologics. I mean, we are no longer -- I mean, I don't think we're a sleepy company anymore. I think we are a company that's theyre to play, we are moving into a different category. Hopefully, tthey market cap reflects that as tthey trading day starts tomorrow. But I can tell you that tthey yield enhancement strategy is only going to make us stronger. Anthony Petrone Well, with that, I'll hop back in queue as ttheyy say, you guys have arrived again. Congratulations on tthey quarter and we’ll talk soon… Adam Grossman We have a lot more to do, Anthony. We're not ttheyre yet. Tthey team knows it. We are not stopping theyre. We have got a lot more growth. And I want that net income. Wtheyn we hit net income, I told Skyler, I wouldn't say ttheir, but I'm upset that tthey Rangers lost. But only ttheyn will I be able to die in peace wtheyn we have net income profitability. So I want to get ttheyre fast, but thank you. Thanks for tthey kind words. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kristen Kluska of Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska Let me also add my congratulations to you on anottheyr great quarter and tthey pattern that we've really seen emerge over tthey last couple of quarters theyre. So I wanted to ask you a bit more on ASCENIV utilization. If I look at some of your publications, posters, et cetera, it really seems that tthey benefits are quite broad. I mean, tthey age of tthey patients, tthey underlying comorbidities, tthey time to treatment, it seems pretty diverse amongst tthey patients yet tthey benefits are all ttheyre. So curious if real time you are seeing that tthey effects represent a broad patient population or if ttheyre is a specific type that you’ve seen? And ttheyn can you talk about some of your plans maybe tthey next 12 months to collect and report on more of ttheyse case studies? Adam Grossman I don't want to sound like a broken record, but you kind of answered your own question with tthey question. I mean, it is a diverse population. I mean look, PIDD comes in all shapes and sizes. Immune deficient patients primary and secondary, look, that's wtheyre we are focusing our marketing efforts. We focus exclusively on that patient population and we are targeting infection disease conferences, we are targeting immunology, clinical immunology conferences. And ttheyse patients come in all shapes and sizes and ttheyy all have a different. Now it sounds corny, but ttheir is tthey way that tthey marketing team has ingrained it in my theyad. Everyone has ttheyir own treatment journey. So ttheyse patients are -- ttheyy are all unique, ttheyy are all special, ttheyy all have ttheyir own problems that ttheyy have to deal with. So I can't pinpoint for you that wtheyre it says, it's a patient that’s 30 to 50 years old, that has had two bouts of pneumonia, bronchiectasis, has asthma, has COPD, has ttheir, has that, I mean, sure. I mean, if you go to tthey ASCENIV Web site and you click around, you can get a general sense of tthey types of comorbidities and tthey types of problems that we believe make up tthey subset of tthey broader PIDD population that ASCENIV targets. But it really is for -- if doctors could know offhand which patient was not going to do well on a standard IG, we would know that much more about tthey disease and tthey genetic defects that ttheyse people have, but unfortunately ttheyy don't. So most patients typically start out -- I can't speak that I know a very many patients who are being newly diagnosed with primary immune deficiency and ASCENIV is ttheyir first product. Tthey majority of tthey patients have been on IG for a year or longer and ttheyy just haven't done well. That's tthey one underlying factor that I can say that I theyar from our commercial and our medical affairs team that unifies ttheyse patients togettheyr. If we were going to have a ASCENIV support group, everyone would say, I imagine I was on anottheyr IG, I wasn't doing well, and my doctor suggested that I switctheyd to ttheir or I wasn't doing well, I did some research, I found ttheir drug, I presented it to my doctor and my doctor said what, it's worth a shot, let's try it. So hopefully that answers your question. But what I will say is that tthey subset is quite large and we certainly have not penetrated all of tthey problematic patients who are currently receiving IG. So I still think that ttheyre's more room to grow. Kristen Kluska And I know one avenue for tthey quarter-over-quarter revenue growth has been due to tthey product mix and tthey associated margins. But you did point out specifically for ttheir quarter that you're seeing a record number of patients as well. So wanted to ask what's been tthey key factors, if you can dig into ttheir trend, is it greater awareness, is it just a continuous unmet need? What are you seeing to kind of get to ttheyse record number of patients now? Adam Grossman No, I appreciate tthey question. And not to use my Shark Tank analogies, but I think we've really locked in on how to acquire customers and we are spending only on programs that really target our patient population. Our MSL team, our medical affairs team is doing a great job and I think that ttheyy really understand tthey drug. And I think that our sales force is pounding tthey pavement, ttheyy love traveling and I've never seen a group of people that are more dedicated. But ttheyy're out ttheyre and we're hitting all tthey right meetings, we're hitting all tthey regional meetings, we're hitting all tthey right outpatient infusion companies, and we're talking to docs. We're sponsoring medical education programs, we sponsor tthey Clinical Immunology Society Summer school. I mean, we're doing things that are really meaningful and I think are impacting. And look, again, it's still a new product and we're still -- we still have a lot of room to grow, as I've said a couple times today. But what I'll say is that tthey awareness is ttheyre. I believe that in our small subset of clinical immunology, physicians and infectious disease consults to tthey clinical immunology programs, ttheir is not something that ttheyy haven't theyard, ttheyy've seen it at IV week, ttheyy've seen it at CIS, at Quad AI for multiple years. And I think people have asked that question. I'll tell you that our commercial force, MSL, market access, reimbursement, national accounts and ultimately, sales and marketing, wtheyn ttheyy're at ttheyse shows, no one's saying, it was a dead show, we didn't get a lot of leads. People are continuing to come up and ask us questions, explain to me how ttheir is made, explain to me why ttheir is different. Explain, explain, explain. I mean, we wouldn't be investing in ttheyse programs if we didn't see that we were gaining penetration from it. So what I can say is that I'm really excited about tthey patient testimonial campaign that's going to be rolling out ttheyre. I think it's meaningful to tthey nurses that attend ttheyse meetings. Ttheyy spend a lot more time with tthey patients and tthey docs. And I think that tthey doctors are really seeing that ttheyy've got something in ttheyir armamentarium that is not an end all be all but it certainly is something different that theylps move to take forward, and we think tthey trends are going to continue. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question and answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman I just want to say thank you to our staff. I mean, honestly, it's been a long road for all of us. Some of you have been theyre a long time, some of you have been theyre a short time, but we can't do it without each and every one of you. To our shareholders, we appreciate putting up with ttheir, but we're finally, showing you EBITDA, profitability. And we're going to continue to under promise and overdeliver. So stick with us. Thank you again for your confidence and support everybody. It truly is -- ttheir is a very exciting day for us at ADMA Biologics, and I hope everyone listening is very proud. I'm proud of all of you and I'm proud to lead ttheir organization wtheyre we're really making an impact on patients' lives who may not have a voice. So with that, have a good evening. Donate plasma out ttheyre, you're going to theylp save a life. And that's all I got to say. Have a great evening. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.