ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom – Director-Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman – President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone – Jefferies Elliot Wilbur – Raymond James Leland Gerttheyyll – Oppentheyimer Boobalan Pachaiyappan – H. C. Wainwright Zach Weiner – Jefferies Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to ADMA Biologics Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call on Thursday, November 5, 2020. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company’s request and will be available on tthey company’s website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics financial results for tthey third quarter 2020. I’m joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company’s third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2020 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening tthey call up for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey third quarter 2020 financial results. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I’ll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today’s call that represents tthey company’s intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today’s press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir recording. It should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure section in our earnings release we issued today and tthey Risk Factors section of our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and our third quarter 2020 10-Q, which we expect to file following ttheir conference call, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on today’s call. We hope that those joining us today continue to remain theyalthy and safe. Tthey third quarter of 2020 was our strongest quarter ttheir year with ADMA generating approximately $10.3 million in revenue, which represents year-over-year growth of 42%. Year-to-date, we generated approximately $28.3 million in revenue, an increase of approximately 63% compared to tthey same prior year period. We achieved ttheyse strong results due to tthey focus and hard work of tthey dedicated ADMA Biologics team, despite tthey continued COVID-19 operating theyadwinds. Looking atheyad to tthey remainder of 2020. We continue to anticipate a strong fourth quarter with respect to top line revenue, while also building inventory levels to contribute to anticipated future revenue growth. We believe we are well positioned to achieve our previously stated goal of delivering considerable growth during tthey second half of 2020 compared to tthey first half. And we anticipate ttheir revenue growth to continue into and throughout 2021. During tthey third quarter, we continued to add new customers and prescribers for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV, as our virtual grassroots promotional and engagement efforts continue to yield results. Although traditional commercial engagement remains limited and challenging as COVID-19 theyadwinds persist, we are encouraged by tthey provider and physician reception to our presence at recent scientific and medical conferences, including at ID Week 2020 in October, wtheyre we hosted an exclusive educational event on respiratory viral infections and strategies for ttheyir treatment and prevention. During tthey quarter, we continue to experience certain COVID-19 related impacts to areas of our supply chain, specifically as a result of past state and local ttheyylter-in-place orders, we experienced lower than normal donor collections at our FDA approved plasma collection center during tthey third quarter. With that being said, we like ottheyr plasma collection organizations have continued to see sequentially improving collections over recent weeks. And we are hopeful that ttheyse trends will continue for tthey balance of ttheir year and into 2021. At present, tthey immune globulin market continues to expand, but remains restricted by theirtorically tight supply. We expect tthey tightness to continue and even be somewhat exacerbated by tthey persisting COVID-19 pandemic. As ttheyre is a general feeling among many parts of tthey American public to only visit tthey essential stores and businesses. Some people are reluctant to go to plasma collection centers and donate source plasma. In spite of ttheir backdrop of increasing broader immune globulin market tightness, we believe that ADMA is uniquely positioned as a smaller player to provide supply and even offer greater quantities of its FDA approved Ig products in tthey forward-looking periods atheyad. As a smaller player in tthey early stages of our manufacturing and commercial scale-up, we can say with confidence that we do not at present expect any disruption in our production throughput in tthey periods atheyad. Beyond our revenue growth, we have several ottheyr important corporate accomplishments I would like to take a moment to highlight. First, we continue to build our inventory balance and support a furttheyr anticipated growth in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 and into 2021. We closed tthey third quarter with approximately $70 million in total inventory, up approximately 25% from $56 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. Secondly, our net loss has been reduced considerably. We closed tthey third quarter of 2020 with a net loss of approximately $16.9 million, down 16% from approximately $20 million for tthey second quarter of 2020. As you can see, our top line revenue, inventory balance and spending are all theyading in tthey right directions. Additionally, tthey expansion of our plasma collection center network is currently progressing atheyad of sctheydule. We opened our second center in Knoxville, Tennessee in July and began donor collection shortly ttheyreafter, including from COVID-19 recovered donors. We anticipate receiving approval from tthey FDA for tthey Knoxville Biologics License Application in mid-2021. Our ADMA BioCenters plasma collection business now has six plasma collection centers underway at various stages of development and approval, which include Kennesaw, Georgia, our current FDA approved center and now Knoxville, Tennessee with a pending BLA and anticipated FDA approval in mid-2021, along with four ottheyr centers currently under construction and in tthey architectural design and planning stages. We are extremely pleased with tthey progress of ttheyse initiatives, securing favorable long-term leases with ideal locations. And we believe we are on track to achieve our stated goal of opening five to 10 new plasma collection centers over tthey next three to five years. Tthey global demand for U.S. source plasma for furttheyr manufacturing continues to outpace tthey available supply. And ttheyse investments into our ADMA BioCenters Plasma Collection business unit are anticipated to support ongoing production and growth for our end-to-end biologics manufacturing company into tthey future. As an update with our supply chain robustness initiatives, ttheyse projects remain on track. We continue to invest in and make progress with several supply chain robustness enhancements, including tthey successful onboarding of aseptic fill-finish capabilities with our newly installed Vanrx SA25 Workcell. We’re also advancing regulatory efforts for tthey planned capacity expansion to tthey 4,400 liter BIVIGAM plasma pool. Ttheyse and ottheyr ongoing important supply chain initiatives are designed to reduce operating costs, improve product yields and margins, increase scale and provide for faster production cycle turnaround time, which in turn could lead to a potential reduction in working capital requirements, as well as provide us with increased control and independence from third-party vendors and contractors. We expect to submit tthey appropriate regulatory applications resulting from ttheyse initiatives to tthey FDA before tthey end of 2020 and into 2021. And we anticipate, we will begin to see ttheyse initiatives impact our top and bottom lines potentially, as early as mid-2021. With respect to our ongoing COVID-19 development efforts, we continue to work with our development partner towards a regulatory submission and potential EUA for ImmunoRank, a proprietary antibody assay that we believe if approved has tthey potential to provide faster, simpler, and a more cost effective way to identify SARS-CoV-2 high titer convalescent plasma for using both in treating COVID-19 patients, as well as for creating COVID-19 hyperimmune globulins. With tthey ADMA Biologics organization focused more than ever on commercial execution. We remain committed to tightly managing our expense structure, while we work towards achieving our previously provided operating targets, including reaching revenues of $250 million or more over tthey next three to five years. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey financials. Brian? Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today, outlining our third quarter 2020 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2020, total revenues were approximately $10.3 million compared to $7.2 million for tthey third quarter of 2019. Ttheir represents an increase of approximately $3.1 million or 42%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey third quarter of 2020 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp up of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and by tthey manufacturing and supply agreement ADMA entered into in January of 2020, to produce and sell plasma-derived intermediate fractions. As Adam mentioned earlier, our total inventory as of September 30, 2020 was approximately $70 million, up approximately 25% from tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. Finittheyyd goods commercial inventory has also increased to $15.6 million, up from $5.2 million compared to year end 2019. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, tthey value of our inventory is stated at our cost and tthey periods atheyad, we expect to continue to build both work in process as well as finittheyyd goods inventories, which we believe will translate to quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth moving forward. Additionally, given COVID-19 related uncertainties across tthey pharmaceutical supply chain, we intend to retain a portion of our growing inventories as safety stock, which we believe will strengttheyn our position as a reliable supplier to our customers, distribution partners, and prescribers over tthey coming quarters. In addition to ensuring supply continuity, we anticipate our strong and growing inventory position will enable us to achieve our previously stated expectations for considerable revenue growth during tthey second half of ttheir year, compared to tthey first half, as well as into and throughout 2021. Consolidated net loss for tthey three months ended September 30, 2020 was $16.9 million or a $0.19 loss per basic and diluted share. For tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020, total revenues were approximately $28.3 million compared to $17.3 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019. And ttheir represents an increase of $11 million or 63%. Tthey increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increase sales of our immunoglobulin and plasma products portfolio BIVIGAM, ASCENIV, Nabi-HB and intermediate fractions. Consolidated net loss for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020 was $56.3 million, wtheyre a $0.68 loss per basic and diluted share, compared to a consolidated net loss of $37.7 million or a $0.72 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019. At September 30, 2020, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $59.7 million and accounts receivable of $6.3 million, compared to cash and cash equivalents of approximately $26.8 million and accounts receivable of approximately $3.5 million at December 31, 2019. ADMA’s net working capital as of September 30, 2020 was approximately $123.1 million, compared to approximately $71.8 million as of December 31, 2019. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. ADMA has had a strong year thus far and has made excellent progress during 2020 on executing toward our key corporate priorities. Ttheyse include initiatives to strengttheyn our supply chain, which we believe will greatly benefit tthey company over tthey long-term by reducing operating costs, increasing production yields, improving margins and shortening production cycle timelines. Given tthey unprecedented macro-market conditions in tthey U.S., and COVID-19 effects being experienced by us and our third-party vendors and suppliers, we believe ttheyse impacts will prove temporary and that our future is bright and right for growth. We believe tthey rapid expansion of our ADMA BioCenters Plasma Collection business unit demonstrates management’s focus on ensuring raw material availability into tthey future. And we believe ttheyse initiatives will allow us to continue to increase production throughput into 2021 and beyond, ultimately allowing ADMA to have more finittheyyd immunoglobulin available for sale compared to prior periods. Looking atheyad to tthey remainder of 2020 and beyond, we believe we have built a strong foundation with our supply chain and ottheyr initiatives over tthey past year to provide a continuous supply of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB, as well as a growing level of intermediate fractions for sale to third-party. Market demand for all of our plasma products remains strong and we remain confident in achieving considerable revenue growth for tthey second half of 2020 compared to tthey first half. Longer-term, we believe we are well positioned to grow our business to $250 million or more in top line annual revenue over tthey next three to five years. I want to assure all of our stakeholders that our fundamentals remain strong and we remain deeply committed to successfully navigating tthey ongoing commercial rollouts of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and bringing each product to patients with life-threatening immune deficiencies. We truly thank our dedicated staff members for continuing to achieve, because we all know at ADMA patients are counting on us. With that, we will now open up tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Anthony Petrone Thank you and good afternoon. I hope everyone is doing well. Congratulations on a great quarter theyre. Adam, maybe I can begin… Adam Grossman I hope you’re doing well too. Anthony Petrone Hope you're well, yes, and your families. Maybe begin wtheyre you left off on your comment, Adam, on continuity of supply, and wtheyre you sit on visibility and consistency of supply. And so as you look into tthey fourth quarter and next year, maybe describe a little bit on why that visibility is in place today and what ttheir does for tthey company, as it negotiates with potential customers, wtheyttheyr those be physician groups or larger distributors in tthey IG space? Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks, Anthony for tthey question. So I think ttheyre were a number of points that speak to ttheir. And if you look at tthey Q and tthey financials, I think wtheyn you look at tthey amount of inventory and tthey growth about 25% in tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter. I think that that should give you a good idea that we've been producing ttheir product. That's been working itself through tthey supply chain and we're sitting with more finittheyyd goods and inventory than we have previously. And we're currently working on building a, what we are considering to be a safety stock. Because I'm sure as you can imagine in tthey precarious environment that we're in due to COVID-19 and I've been reading a number of analysts’ reports from ottheyr firms covering many different plasma companies. Tthey forward-looking forecast out ttheyre is that tthey IG market is going to be tightening. And what we're able to do is, we're able to use our balance ttheyyet really with our customers to demonstrate to ttheym and look we've documented inventories. As you know, Anthony, our production cycle time ranges anywtheyre from 7 to 12 months, we're doing better, but we're in that 10 to 12 month timeframe. So tthey reason why we have ttheir visibility is, I know what we were doing 10 to 12 months ago, And as you can see with that inventory growing, it's working itself through tthey supply chain, all of our issues that we experienced in tthey early to mid parts of navigating tthey COVID landscape with some of our third-party testing labs have been resolved. And we are releasing more batctheys than we ever have previously. So we feel really, really confident in our ability to deliver on our stated objectives of generating considerably more top line revenue in tthey second half than tthey first half. I think we've had a really strong quarter, our best quarter of ttheir year. And we're trending in tthey right direction. What I'm most proud of, Anthony, is that tthey team at ADMA has really been working tirelessly throughout COVID. And our operations under our control have been operating very, very well and we have been producing product on sctheydule according to budget and plan ttheir year. And it's really a testament to tthey dedication of our workforce that, we will have more products available for sale in 2021 than in 2020. And we anticipate based on our plasma collections and tthey reliability of our third-party suppliers that we're going to have more products to sell in 2022 than 2021. And I don't know how many ottheyr platform companies out ttheyre are able to say that right now, due to tthey theyadwinds from tthey collections market from COVID-19. So we feel really strong. We don't mean to sound like a broken record, but we want folks to use inventory as a measure for how much product we should have available for sale in subsequent quarters. Anthony Petrone That's theylpful. I'm wondering, just as a follow-up to your comments ttheyre, Adam. How does ttheir position, tthey company really to play offense theyre in kind of going after share wtheyn you kind of referenced tthey dislocation in tthey market from ottheyr suppliers? How active discussions et cetera? Adam Grossman Sure. I want to sit theyre and say to you, of course, we're going to be on offense. We're always on offense, Anthony, but we also recognize tthey size of our organization compared to those in tthey industry. As we've mentioned before, and in our corporate deck, we have a plant that could process today 400,000 liters of plasma with rough yield, somewtheyre between 3.5 to 4 grams of finittheyyd immunoglobulin through our manufacturing process per liter. That leaves us somewtheyre with call it a 1.5 million, 1.6 million grams. Last year, I believe tthey number was around 100 million grams of IG sold. So we’re about 1% to 2% player in tthey market. So we're aggressively out ttheyre. But again, we're not going after ttheyse large hospital contracts, we're not looking to fill tthey void that may be left by some of tthey larger or tthey big three or four players out ttheyre. We're going out to tthey customers that are being told that ttheyy're being put on allocation or that ttheyy're starting to see ttheyir deliveries be delayed. And we're receiving a number of inbound calls from different classes of trade and different types of IG infusion centers, theyalth clinics, physicians’ offices, as you say. So we feel really, really good about ttheir. Tthey inventories are growing and we are aggressive, but we also understand. And we hope that tthey market understands our size. I feel very confident that as we build our inventory, we want to ensure that ttheyre is safety stock ttheyre for our customers. Ttheyy don't want to put patients on a drug wtheyre ttheyy don't believe that ttheyy're going to have a substantial supply in tthey subsequent months to ensure tthey continuity of care. So we're doing ttheir in a very controlled way. We're very, very optimistic with our visibility in our inventory and our supply chain right now. FDA releases are coming through. Our labs are operating. Things are moving forward very, very well. And we anticipate having that supply – two to three months supply, if you will, to demonstrate to our customers, we've got tthey inventory available for you, you can feel confident about putting your patients on BIVIGAM. During ttheir period, that's going to be quite tumultuous, based on all tthey reports that I was reading today. So we're theyre, our products are commercial, ttheyy're FDA approved and we're ready to serve tthey market as ttheyy need broadly. Anthony Petrone It's very theylpful. And I'll get one more and hop back in queue theyre. Maybe just an update on ImmunoRank, tthey assay for SARS-COV-2 and just sort of how do you see ttheir playing out just considering tthey backdrop and wtheyre tthey development cycle is for polyclonal antibodies for COVID-19. Just a quick update ttheyre. Thanks a lot. Adam Grossman Sure. So – no, no, thank you, Anthony. We're hopeful that we'll be able to achieve some type of a EUA through FDA. And as we make more progress, we'll certainly update tthey market. Ttheir assay, we're really proud of ttheir because we really believe that ADMA and our development partner, Leinco Technologies, maybe I can say ttheir, maybe I can’t, but I really believe that we're solving tthey key problem of being able to detect which convalescent COVID-19 patient donors have tthey most potential to theylp. Tthey ones with tthey higtheyst antibody titers, ttheir is a very easy to use ELISA kit based assay. It's a standardized way for hospitals, blood collection centers, as well as plasma centers to identify which donors have tthey higtheyst neutralizing titers. Neutralizing titers to SARS-COV-2, and that we believe that ttheir is going to have tthey ability to determine which of ttheyse units is going to have tthey greatest potential to full clinical benefit. So it's hard for me to give you an idea as far as its size. We really do believe that ADMA and our expertise and tthey expertise of our development partner, that we're solving tthey number one problem with convalescent plasma. Now we're not in tthey convalescent plasma treatment business. That's not our area. We're not getting into that business. We do not use tthey plasma that we collect for tthey ttheyrapeutic transfusion of COVID-19 donors. What we're really doing theyre, Anthony, and I know that, you understand ttheir, with ADMA’s IP portfolio and tthey ability to differentiate ascending from ottheyr IGs based on tthey plasma pool and tthey types of donors that we collect plasma from were really using our expertise in developing ttheyse specific testing assay to identify neutralizing titers in human plasma, and we're going to make that available to tthey world. So I'm optimistic that ttheyre's potential. But again, we're really just doing ttheir because we find that something that was easy for us to do. It's right in our wtheyelhouse and as we progress more, we'll keep you posted. But I'm excited to see what happens with ttheir. Anthony Petrone Thank you very much. Adam Grossman Thank you for tthey questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. Good afternoon, Adam, Brian. Adam Grossman Good afternoon. How are you doing? Elliot Wilbur Doing all right. Thanks. Appreciate it. A couple of questions, maybe I'll just start on right on tthey financials, if I could just ask you to comment in terms of revenue performance in tthey core, or maybe just talk about some of tthey key drivers of tthey increase, at least sequentially, wtheyttheyr it be increased customer base or increased customer penetration or mix, more favorable ASCENIV versus BIVIGAM uptake. Just some of tthey key drivers ttheyre as we think about tthey sequential progress from 2Q results? Adam Grossman Well, right. Go atheyad. Take ttheir one. Brian Lenz Sure. Thanks, Adam. How you doing, Elliot? Nice to theyar from you. Regarding tthey revenue growth, I mean, we're very encouraged ttheir quarter to see tthey continued market demand. And we were certainly in a place to meet it. I would say that increased revenues attributed to across tthey board increased sales from all products, byproducts, intermediates, in addition to additional customers that we're seeing. To Adam's point earlier on tthey call, customers see our inventory continuing to grow, and that gives ttheym confidence to continue to look at us and use us as a premier seller of IVIG products into tthey market.  Elliot Wilbur Okay. And it sounds like based on some of your earlier commentary that obviously, you're continuing to expect sequential growth in tthey fourth year? Brian Lenz That's correct. That's correct. And if you look at our balance ttheyyet, Elliot, you can see tthey finittheyyd goods have increased by 25%, second quarter $56 million to $70 million overall inventory. So we continue to purchase inventory. We continue to move inventory through tthey channels while also keeping safety stock. So it's all been a positive quarter from that inventory standpoint, continue to expect tthey inventory to grow and build out tthey investor – build out tthey customer base as well along tthey way. Elliot Wilbur Okay. Question for you, Adam, anything you can share with us in terms of updates on key wins with additional points of distribution or P&T committees and payers, just wondering what your ability to engage with those constituents has been kind of mid sort of tthey resurgence of tthey pandemic in certain spots and maybe more specifically wtheyttheyr or not tthey recent grant of tthey J-code has kind of opened tthey door for more discussions at least with respect to ASCENIV obviously? Adam Grossman Sure. To touch on ASCENIV, I can certainly tell you that, IVIG is pretty much on every hospital's formulary around tthey United States. And wtheyn you look at tthey label for ASCENIV, it has a label similar to that of IG, tthey differentiating factor type of plasma that's used. And we blend normal donors with donors tested to have sufficient titers of respiratory syncytial virus. And that's tthey product that we have. So as tthey winter months are upon us as COVID becomes a topic of conversation, our commercial team or medical science organization, we just had tthey big symposia that we sponsored at ID week a couple of weeks ago. We're starting to see a lot more engagement, a lot more thoughtfulness from tthey hospital-based community on appropriate patient types and appropriate utilization of ASCENIV in tthey hospital. On tthey outpatient side, tthey reimbursement through Medicare certainly is not hurting us. We're very, very pleased with that. We've continued to – if you will defend tthey ASP. Ttheyre are no changes to tthey price reported for tthey third quarter. And we are continuing to switch patients at physicians and ttheyir caregivers believe have appropriate risk factors and could benefit from monthly infusions of ASCENIV. BIVIGAM as well, having that inventory available in a market again, that's been theirtorically tight. Ttheyre's no shortage of customers out ttheyre, Elliot. I mean, we really are in a place right now wtheyre our sales force and our commercial operations team is truly engaged with folks. Some of our field reps, I'm not tthey one pushing ttheym out on tthey road. Certainly not coming from me, but I can tell you that our folks want to carry that ADMA flag, and ttheyy're starting to reengage with certain clinicians in safe manners outside. And we are getting face-to-face time with prescribers and caregivers. So we're seeing things loosen up a bit virtual engagement after it's continue, how we continue to have a presence at tthey medical and scientific conferences. And engagement is ttheyre. Immunoglobulin really is hot topic right now. From tthey pharmacy buyers and tthey hospital pharmacies, ttheyy're all getting notices about look at your IG utilization. We're theyaring little anecdotal reports that ttheyy're starting to reconvene tthey IG treatment ethics committees at a number of institutions, wtheyn IG has been in short supply in previous periods, throughout tthey immunoglobulin theirtory over tthey last 20, 30 years. Ttheyy convene ttheyse committees to decide who should get product and who's tthey most needy and we're starting to theyar rumblings that those committees are starting to be reformed. So IG is a topic front and center. And again, not to reiterate tthey inventory balance, but we feel real good about our position theyre to be able to service tthey current unmet need and tthey potential future unmet need that's out ttheyre. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And just one last question, Adam, as you move forward with your enhanced fill-finish capabilities, it sounds like tthey timelines are fairly consistent with what you have discussed previously, but I know that on some past calls, we talked about sort of tthey statutory timeline in terms of FDA signing off on some of ttheyse processes being roughly four to six months under a standard supplemental NDA, but wondering if you've had any – at ttheir point, you've had been able to have any furttheyr discussions with tthey agency in terms of thinking about trying to get ttheym to act in a somewhat more expeditious manner, given tthey demand trends that are out ttheyre for IVIG? Adam Grossman Sure. That's a great question. And tthey answer I can give you is that, we've got comfort around tthey fact that we've seen tthey agency is conducting a number of paper audits of a number of different types of pharmaceutical manufacturers’, plasma collection organizations, et cetera. So we know tthey FDA is ongoing and ttheyy're working. We have not yet submitted our application for tthey Vanrx machine for our products to FDA. So it's hard for me to ask for an expedited review or to beg for any favors until we actually put tthey application on file. So tthey guidance that we provided is that, we should have ttheir application on file before tthey end of tthey year. And certainly, wtheyn we do – if it's not me, it's – ttheyre'll be someone from our organization, we will call tthey agency and see what we can do, and if ttheyre is a path for an expedited review. We feel really confident. I mean, tthey fact that we're continuing to remain on track with ttheyse timelines, I know a number of our staff do listen to ttheyse calls, but I got to give credit to tthey ADMA leadership all tthey way down to tthey newly indoctrinated fill-finittheyyd technicians that are working tirelessly nights and weekends in order to keep us on sctheydule, due to some of tthey impacts due to COVID-19. So a lot of hard work, a lot of late nights, but we're staying on track. We understand we made commitments and promises to shareholders, and our team is breaking ttheyir backs in order to meet those timelines. So we feel really good, Elliot. We really do believe that mid-2021, second half of 2021, we should start realizing some benefits from a number of our supply chain robustness and enhancement initiatives and fill-finish is certainly one of ttheym. Elliot Wilbur All right. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Adam Grossman Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next comes from tthey line of Leland Gerttheyyll from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Leland Gerttheyyll Hi Adam, thank you for ttheir update and for taking my questions. Yes, just a few questions from me. Once just for a little bit furttheyr on tthey inventory trend, as that increases, do you have a – any sort of numbers or brackets you can give us as to what you would consider a steady state for overall inventory of IG product that you might be getting to in tthey foreseeable future? And I have a couple of follow-ups. Thanks. Brian Lenz Sure. I can take ttheir. Leland, how are doing? It's Brian. With regards to tthey inventory, we stated that we expect to see sequential quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year revenue growth, so that's going to be commensurate along tthey lines of increased inventory. As we continue to purchase more plasma, we're opening up more plasma centers. So we're collecting more plasma. That plasma has a long, long ttheyylf life, 10 years, we're going to continue to purchase more plasma, as I mentioned. And that inventory will ttheyn lead to future year-over-year revenue growth. So seeing that increased inventory will be a testament, it's signifies, continued quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year revenue growth, getting to that $250 million top line revenue line within tthey next three to five years. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. All right. And ttheyn as we think about spend, admirably, you're building tthey centers perhaps atheyad of sctheydule. But one or two to consider it, expense burden on tthey company as you have, debt obligations and so forth. How should we think about kind of your outlook on cash as it stands from ttheir report and how we should think about additional tax resources that might need to come into play as you continue to fill tthey organization?  Brian Lenz Sure. Thanks, Leland. So with regards to cash and cash needs, look, we're going to manage tthey expenses as close as we can. You could see quarter-over-quarter from second quarter 2020 to third quarter 2020 net loss is down from $20 million to about $17 million, so net loss is theyading in tthey right direction. We believe our revenue growth is going to outpace our increased expenditures. So revenue growth is theyading in tthey right way. With regards to debt, you mentioned our debt relationship, we’ve dramatically increased our capitalization, receiving several regulatory approvals since taking on tthey additional debt back in 2019. And it’s all a context of very supportive credit markets. So we’re confident that we’re able to address our debt. Our debt relationship with our largest lender, ttheyy’re aligned with management. Ttheyy’re our largest holder about 19%. Ttheyy as well as our Board and management, ttheyy’ve made, we’ve made open market purchases throughout tthey year. And our balance ttheyyet from a collateral position continues to directionally grow in tthey right place. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that color. My last question, just on ASCENIV. You had launctheyd that last winter, but it was – kind of we were already kind of into tthey winter season as that was rolling out, and ttheyn you made investments in tthey fields, effort behind that coming into ttheir season. And as we’re in tthey colder months now, just want to ask if you’re seeing a return from those additional investments, as perhaps tthey mix shifts toward ASCENIV as we get through ttheir winter. Thanks. Adam Grossman Sure, Leland. Yes, we are seeing tthey investments pay off. I mean, we’re having a lot more conversations. We’re having a lot more detailed conversations. And again, we are converting patients and we’re getting tthey product and we’re seeing utilization in hospitals, as well as in outpatient infusion centers and in tthey home care setting. So we feel really, really good that we’re in a great place to supply a differentiated Ig, a product that wtheyn you look at tthey publittheyyd data and you look at tthey patents that we have around tthey product that we screen ttheyse donors for high triacylglycerol to RSV, but ttheyy have a panel. But wtheyn you actually look at tthey plasma that we’re collecting RSV really is tthey marker. And what our patents state is that ttheyse donors are also containing high levels of antibodies against influenza IND metapneumovirus. Two types of coronavirus OC43 and 229E, as well as parainfluenza 1 and 3. So wtheyn – I can tell you that wtheyn ttheyse infectious disease, doctors and clinical immunologists are looking at tthey patients, ttheyy’re looking at tthey data out ttheyre about 20% or so plus or minus of patients infected with COVID are also co-infected with some ottheyr respiratory viral pathogen. One of tthey higtheyst on tthey list is RSV. I think we all can agree that more antibody is better than less wtheyn trying to treat to prevent an infection. And tthey way that we manufacture our product offers, standardized levels of ttheyse antibodies. So clinicians and payers can be sure that every time ttheyy pay for a prescribed ASCENIV ttheyy’re giving a consistent amount of ttheir unique antibody profile Ig to ttheyir patients. So, we’re seeing growth. Things can always grow faster than ttheyy are, Leland. I would love it to grow faster. And if our commercial team listening, we’re getting out ttheyre, we’re making it happen, we’re seeing growth across all of our immunoglobulin manufacturing product portfolio. And we’re really proud on what we anticipate is going to occur in tthey fourth quarter and throughout 2021. Leland Gerttheyyll Terrific. Thanks very much for tthey additional information. Adam Grossman Thank you for tthey good questions. So hope you guys are doing well. It’s not that cold down theyre, Leland. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju from H. C. Wainwright. Your line is now open. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Hi. Ttheir is Boobalan pairing in for Ram Selvaraju. Can you theyar me okay? Adam Grossman How are you? Boobalan Pachaiyappan Yes. I’m doing great. How are you? Adam Grossman Good thanks. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Thank you. A few questions. First is how often does a supplier source plasma to ADMA? Is it weekly or monthly or quarterly or how it is possible and what factors could accelerator or slowdown tthey supply process? Adam Grossman Sure. You cut in and out a little bit, but I believe tthey question was around our third-party supplier for source plasma one of tthey deliveries, I can tell you that we’ve got a delivery sctheydule that’s been already formally agreed to with our third-party vendor. And I only get told wtheyn ttheyre are problems and I haven’t been told that ttheyre’s a problem in a long time. So I believe that we do receive deliveries as per our contractual arrangement right now. Those deliveries typically occur monthly. We do keep inventory in a third-party warehouse location, as well as onsite in Boca Raton, that is being prepared for furttheyr manufacturing. So tthey supply relationship is intact. Tthey contract is being serviced. We have experienced no delays or difficulties with our vendor in tthey quarter. And we’re really appreciative of ttheyir efforts. We know that it’s not easy out ttheyre, but ttheyy are 100% committed to ADMA, and ttheyy’re committed to honoring ttheyir obligation and we truly thank ttheym for ttheyir support. Ttheyy understand that patients are counting on us as well, and ttheyy’re giving us tthey product – tthey raw material that we need in order to keep our production ongoing. So it takes a village in ttheir industry and we all seem to be supporting each ottheyr very well right now. So we thank our partner very much. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Yes. Thanks for tthey color. And moving forward, so you mentioned that ADMA generate $250 million annual revenue at point in tthey near future. So can we just assume [indiscernible] already opened? Adam Grossman So tthey $250 million in top line revenue would be cumulative of our entire organization. So everything stemming from our plasma collection business unit to contract manufacturing activities, as well as our commercial products and ttheyn tthey sale of our intermediate fractions. We feel really, really confident that tthey way that we’ve set our business up today. And again, ttheir is based on tthey existing capacity of our manufacturing facility, that 400,000 liter capacity, I believe I mentioned, earlier on tthey call. As we progress with tthey 4,400 liter BIVIGAM plasma pool expansion project. We believe that our capacity is going to grow potentially by up to 50%. And so ttheyre may be even upside over and above ttheir $250 million cumulative top line revenue generation from our entire manufacturing portfolio and subsidiary business unit. So hopefully that answers your question ttheyre. Tthey five to 10 new centers that we’ve given guidance that we’re building. And we said, in our remarks earlier today that we currently have six centers from approval through just having ttheyir leases signed. That our effort is really about demonstrating to our shareholders that management is focused on self-sufficiency at some point in time. If we have tthey ability to sell some of that plasma, we certainly will. Tthey price of normal source plasma is increasing almost weekly in ttheir climate. And we really want to be able to insulate ourselves from tthey supply and demand fluctuation that may be out ttheyre, especially wtheyn you look at what’s happening due to tthey COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to collections. So we feel really good about our initiatives ttheyre. It all comes down to tthey source plasma, right? Wtheyn we have visibility on how much plasma we can put into our manufacturing plan, that’s wtheyn we’re going to have very good visibility into consistent revenues and consistent growth quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. And everything seems to be on track at tthey present time. So knock wood, we’re going to keep it up. Brian Lenz Regarding tthey plasma centers, if I may. Typical plasma centers, once ttheyy’re FDA approved and operating within call it 18 to 24 months, ttheyre’s a market value that we’ve seen public information. Ttheyy sell anywtheyre from $10 million to $15 million, not saying we’re going to sell our plasma centers, but ttheyre’s a true asset value behind ttheyse FDA approved plasma centers, not just collecting tthey plasma and using it for our FDA approved products, but we believe that ttheyre’s true asset value between each and every plasma center. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Understood. Thanks for tthey clarification. I want to talk a little about tthey ImmunoRank. Is it universal that all patients will recover from COVID-19 exhibit high levels of neutralizing antibodies, or is it only a small percentage of patients? What conclusions could be drawn from your own ImmunoRank results? Adam Grossman Sure. So, I’d love to answer that question. And it’s based – we have not publittheyyd any data yet regarding our evaluation of donors out ttheyre. I can tell you that, our immune systems do not all function tthey same way. So not every person who recovers from COVID-19 mounts a substantial neutralizing antibody response. And in fact, ttheyre are even people who are asymptomatic, who we test from time to time at our normal plasma collection center, donations who appeared to have very, very strong neutralizing and high levels of neutralizing titers to SARS-CoV-2. So at tthey present time we have not publittheyyd any of our data, I think as we generate more data, you may see some publications at some medical conferences eittheyr later ttheir year or ttheyre were a couple of immunology meetings early next year. But, I know that ttheyre are a number of publications out ttheyre that talk about 20%, 30%, 40% of patients who recover from COVID 19 have very low levels of available neutralizing antibodies. And what ttheir assay is designed to do is, it’s designed to solve that problem. Not every person who recovers from COVID-19 is a great fit to be a plasma donor for convalescent plasma treatment. So that’s what ttheir assay is designed to do, it’s designed to theylp tthey clinician, it’s designed to theylp tthey hospital, theylp tthey blood center, tthey folks who are actually dealing with tthey ttheyrapeutic transfusion of convalescent plasma. Again, we feel that we’ve got tthey ability to solve ttheir problem for ttheym and provide ttheym with an easy to use cost-effective assay to theylp ttheym determine, which of ttheyse recovered COVID-19 patients are most likely to provide clinical benefit. So, we have to wait and see what tthey FDA says with respect to EUA, but we feel really, really confident that we’re on tthey right track. Boobalan Pachaiyappan That’s great to theyar. And along tthey lines, so yours is a plasma products company. And do you think that ImmunoRank assay would be a strategic fit for your business objectives? And also if you can talk about terms and conditions between you and Leinco Technologies with respect to tthey ImmunoRank assay kit, that would be theylpful. Adam Grossman Sure. So, we’re not prepared to talk about tthey financial terms and conditions at ttheir time. We have not made any disclosure around that. Look, we’re a platinum products company, as you say. And we also have a number of different patents in our portfolio around tthey ability to screen and generate high titer plasma pools in order to make hyperimmune globulins. Ttheir assay is synergistic with tthey work that we do, but at tthey present time, we are unable to give and we don’t really feel that ttheyre’s a material impact, if you will, to tthey profitability outlook. We have no plans to develop our own hyperimmune for COVID. We are still a member of tthey COVID Plasma Alliance at tthey present time. We are collecting COVID plasma and we do contribute to tthey Alliance. But we really – look, sometimes and a number of companies are out ttheyre doing things for tthey greater good. If ttheyre is a commercial opportunity for ttheir assay, certainly between ADMA and our development partner Leinco, we’re going to do what we can to capitalize on that. But quite frankly, tthey real purpose behind ttheir is, theylping to solve tthey problem that we feel so many are out ttheyre. Ttheyse are expertise that ADMA was founded on back in 2004, 2007. I mean, we’ve got tthey ability to develop ttheyse novel testing methodologies in order to detect neutralizing antibodies and plasma. And I think what ttheir should do is show shareholders that look ADMA is a differentiated company from tthey likes of tthey bigger players out ttheyre. We’re very nimble. We were able to develop ttheir asset quickly. And I think it’s a testament to tthey scientific prowess of our company, and tthey forward thinking nature of that ADMA brings to tthey plasma products community. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Great. And one final question if I may. So have you guys by thought about or maybe you can clarify wtheyre do you stand in terms of developing subcutaneous formulation for us. I mean, definitely, we are in tthey pandemic period and ttheyse subcutaneous drugs are gaining attraction and ttheyse are considered perceived more safe… Adam Grossman I think you cut out ttheyre, but your question was around subcutaneous. At tthey present time we have no plans to develop subq. We’ve got a lot on our plate at ADMA Biologics. And subq is growing in tthey Ig space. But I can tell you that, I don’t know if I should quote tthey data if I’m not correct about it, but I know tthey majority of immunoglobulin that is utilized on tthey market today remains in tthey IV form and preparation. We like to target tthey immune compromised patient population. I don’t want to get into all tthey scientific differences around bioavailability of antibody and tthey mechanisms of action that may differ between subq and IV. But, we feel very strongly that IV is an appropriate route of administration for an immune compromised patient. I think that ttheyre are some benefits that certain clinicians can argue. Additionally, based on data that I’ve read, you need approximately 20% more immunoglobulin in tthey subq dosage form to achieve tthey same IgG trough levels that you can experience from an IV preparation. So that utilizes more Ig. Our goal is to provide as much product as we can to treat as many patients as possible. So at tthey present time, we’re going to let tthey big boys fight it out in tthey subq market. We’re going to continue to provide, wtheyre tthey lion share of immunoglobulin is being used and that’s an intravenous routed admission. Boobalan Pachaiyappan All right. Thanks for your time. Adam Grossman Thanks for your questions. Say a little round for us. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Zach Weiner from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Zach Weiner Hey, guys congrats on a great quarter. One more from us on performance batctheys. Can you give a timeline as to wtheyn you think tthey BIVIGAM performance patctheys will be sold through and right to tthey bottom line? And ttheyn also, if you expect a more expensing performance batctheys for tthey additional FDA clearances that you guys are currently working on with tthey fill-finish and – that’s it. Yes. Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks Zach for tthey question, good questions. We haven’t given specific – we have not yet given specific timelines on tthey 4,400 liter process. We’re hopeful and optimistic that we have it on file later ttheir year, or maybe early Q1. And it should be a four to six months standard PAS review. So, as Brian and I said, during tthey prepared comments, we expect to see benefits on tthey top and bottom line in tthey middle part of next year to tthey second half of next year. I mean, we understand tthey production cycle times, we told you wtheyn we made ttheyse batctheys, if we get ttheym on file, no. We’re hopeful third, fourth quarter that we’ll have those batctheys available for release. Again, we really do feel very strongly about tthey sequential quarter-over-quarter future revenue growth. And certainly, I don’t have your model right in front of me, but I think as we approach tthey second half of 2021, we anticipate considerable growth. And I think that some of that can be attributed to not only tthey fill-finish and tthey additional yield ttheyre and tthey faster cycle turnaround times, but also that at some point next year, we’re going to begin producing at a 4,400 liter scaling and getting more product out tthey door using tthey same staff, tthey same equipment, tthey same disposables, and really it’s going to change tthey outlook of our business going forward. I mean, we’re doing everything tthey right way. We’re doing it in a methodical way. We’ve demonstrated to tthey Street, we’ve demonstrated to tthey FDA that, wtheyn we put our mind to something and we give you guys guidance on our timelines, we do hit ttheym. And we feel really confident about our ability to produce Ig. As I mentioned, we are producing more Ig than ttheir plant has produced in tthey previous four or five calendar years. My management team is great. Ttheyy’re running tthey great shop or quality unit, our manufacturing team, our facilities team and our quality control teams are working around tthey clock to get as much product out tthey door as possible. So, we don’t – to answer your ottheyr part of your question. I don’t believe we have any planned, additional conformance batctheys, but if you refer to our risk factors, we never know what tthey FDA is going to ask us to do. So, we will certainly do our best to guide you and ottheyr analysts. If we do see any potential R&D and/or expenses that we may incur due to getting ttheir a very important part of our strategic plan for supply chain robustness approved. But everything’s on track. And I wish I could rush tthey clock back, but seven to 12 months to produce a batch of drug, FDA reviews are still running about four to six months for a prior approval supplement. So, hang in ttheyre, we’re going to continue to execute and meet our stated objectives and milestones, while growing top line and controlling expenses in tthey burn. Brian Lenz One thing to keep in mind, Zach, thanks for bringing up tthey conformance batch, tthey batctheys that we went through earlier ttheir year. We expensed those conformance batctheys in tthey first half about $7 million, obviously that hit all of our costs of sales. So as Adam mentioned in tthey second half of 2021, wtheyn we start selling those conformance batctheys pending FDA approval, we would realize 100% gross margin, 100% profit on those batctheys, straight to tthey bottom line. Zach Weiner Yes. Understood. Perfect. Thanks so much. Adam Grossman Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I’d like to turn it back over to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you everybody. Thanks for your attention and time. I want to thank you for calling in. I wouldn’t be a good CEO if I didn’t say, get out ttheyre and donate plasma, theylp save a life. Visit donatingplasma.org to find a plasma collection center near you. We really wish you a theyalthy and safe winter period, as it’s getting colder around ottheyr parts of tthey country and wash your hands, wear your mask and have a great and safe afternoon. Thanks everybody. We appreciate your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.