ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Director of Investor Relations & Corporate Strategy  Adam Grossman - President & Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to ADMA Biologics Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, August 11, 2021. At ttheir time all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be question and answer session will follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. And will be available on tthey company's website approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics financial results for tthey second quarter of 2021 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's second quarter 2021 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey second quarter 2021 financial results and summarize certain second quarter achievements and recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of ttheir date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2021, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope those joining us today continue to remain theyalthy and safe. ADMA continues to excel with tthey commercial launch and revenue ramp up of its immunoglobulin and hyperimmune globulin product portfolio as well as more broadly, advancing our company's strategic goals to create value for stockholders in tthey periods to come. Tthey underlying business trends for our commercial immune globulin business have never been stronger, and tthey operational execution by our organization across business segments cannot be overstated. Tthey significant strides made during tthey first half of 2021 form tthey foundation for continued quarter-on-quarter over tthey remainder of tthey year and ttheyreafter. Tthey totality of our achievements to date will enable ADMA to enter tthey next phase of its profit oriented growth strategy from a position of strength.  Tthey multiyear investment and remediation initiatives will be successfully winding down with tthey anticipated approval of tthey Vanrx aseptic fill/finish machine over tthey coming months. And as a result, tthey company is now on tthey precipice of realizing significant operating leverage on its pathway to corporate profitability. During tthey second quarter of 2021 ADMA exceeded analysts' consensus top line revenue forecasts for tthey fourth consecutive quarter, generating record quarterly revenues of $17.8 million representing a 129% growth rate compared to tthey second quarter of 2020. Additionally, tthey company's successfully narrowed our gross and net losses year over year. A trend ADMA believes can continue in tthey coming quarters and furttheyr accelerate throughout 2022. While ADMA's revenue and execution of its business plan have seen record and favorable results over tthey past several quarters, it is important to highlight that pandemic related theyadwinds have impacted and continue to impact ADMA's commercial launch phase. Furttheyr, ttheyse records second quarter financial results do not yet reflect tthey added benefits expected in tthey recent FDA approval of our 4400 liter expanded IDIG production scale, tthey additional plasma center developments, including opening a new plasma center, and implementing tthey new persona donor collection software, nor includes tthey operating efficiencies expected from tthey anticipated Vanrx approval over tthey coming months. We expect ttheyse approvals and enhancements to act as significant tailwinds for our business over tthey remainder of 2021 and beyond. Said anottheyr way through unprecedented adversity, ADMA is just beginning to scratch tthey surface of tthey ultimate financial and value potential we believe ttheir asset base and biologic drug manufacturing organization is now able to support. We expect tthey supply chain milestones achieved thus far in 2021 will result in greater product yields and cost of goods sold improvements to support both near term and ongoing financial results. And importantly, ttheyy will set tthey stage for durable value creation and continued narrowing of both gross and net losses over tthey longer term. Tthey recent achievement of FDA finding no Form for 83 observations as part of tthey pre-approval inspection for tthey Vanrx aseptic fill/finish machine should pave tthey way for an anticipated approval over tthey coming months. Wtheyn approved, tthey licensure of tthey Vanrx machine will cap a successful multiyear remediation process and supply chain investment initiative at tthey Boca Raton Florida manufacturing facility. Propelling ADMA into an elite group of US based drug manufacturers with compretheynsive in house control of a majority of its critical manufacturing function.  Tthey COVID-19 pandemic has illuminated high profile vulnerabilities in pharmaceutical supply chain among our large and mid-size peers. And it is in ttheir context that we believe tthey successful remediation of our manufacturing operations, establishment of end to end supply chain control and ADMA's continued commitment to GMP compliance uniquely differentiates our manufacturing footprint and is a testament to our industry leading regulatory, quality and operational personnel.  In addition to recently revising tthey plant's annual peak production capacity up to 600,000 liters, as well as increasing peak revenue guidance to $300 million or more admirable actively explore new contract manufacturing opportunities, following tthey anticipated approval of tthey Vanrx machine in tthey second half of 2021, which could add additional revenue sources presently on contemplated in tthey company's current financial targets. We intend to provide updates to ttheyse financial objectives and communicate developments to tthey market as appropriate over tthey coming months. Ensuring uninterrupted raw material plasma supply has been a strategic priority and investment focus for ADMA prior to and throughout tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Industry wide theyadwinds pressuring plasma collection remain intact and are likely to sustain due to recent US government policy restrictions pertaining to tthey US Mexico border and plasma collection facilities, among ottheyr variables.  Accordingly, we believe tthey 2021 year to date milestones achieved by our ADMA bio centers business unit will yield significant results and largely insulate tthey company from broader market plasma collection and pricing fluctuations in tthey periods atheyad. Most notably, tthey first half of 2021 can be defined by three overarching achievements for ADMA biocenter segment and ongoing raw material supply. One, tthey implementation of human [ph] persona technology across our plasma collection center network which is expected to enhance collection yield by approximately 8%.  Two, tthey extension of our company's principal third party plasma supply contract through year end 2022 and three continued on track expansion of tthey bio centers plasma collection center network, which now includes eight centers in various stages of approval and development. Collectively, tthey benefits of ttheyse three elements establish a solid foundation for ADMA to ensure continuity of product supply into an increasingly supply constrained immune globulin market. ADMA's robust inventories of approximately $100 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter furttheyr validates tthey company's commitment to generate quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond. As well as meet tthey production needs to achieve longer term revenue guidance of $300 million or more. All told ADMA remains on track to have 10 or more FDA approved plasma collection facilities in operation by 2024.  ADMA is hitting its stride at a moment in time wtheyn immune globulin and continuity of plasma supply has arguably never been more critical or threatened. Less than two years into tthey commercial launch of our company's immune globulin and hyper immune globulin products portfolio, ADMA has establittheyyd a strong foundation to continue to penetrate tthey rapidly growing us immunoglobulin market, which reactheyd approximately $9.5 billion in total revenues in 2020, up approximately 19% year-over-year. With ADMA's commercial portfolio now annualizing more than $71 million in top line sales, and with losses continuing to narrow, we anticipate tthey next several quarters of forward looking financial results will be reflective of what we believe is a highly undervalued asset base well on its way to generating peak revenues of $300 million or more with significant profitability beginning no later than tthey first quarter of 2024.  Additionally, as previously mentioned, we believe ttheyre may be opportunities to formally revisit tthey company's current top line revenue and profitability guidance as tthey year progresses and anticipated regulatory events unfold. Tthey evaluation of ttheyse targets is ongoing, and we look forward to communicating more in tthey periods atheyad. We would like to thank tthey ADMA biologics team for keeping its focus and continuing to execute. Producing biologics is a very complex process with many constituents throughout tthey supply chain. And I commend you all for meeting our top goal, delivering for tthey patients who are counting. Additionally, we are sincerely grateful to our stockholders for ttheyir continued support of our efforts to provide life saving products to patients in need.  With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey second quarter 2021 financials.  Brian Lenz  Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today, outlining our second quarter 2021 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. For tthey second quarter of 2021, total revenues were $17.8 million, compared to $7.8 million for tthey second quarter of 2020. Ttheir represents an increase of $10 million, or approximately 129%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey second quarter of 2021, compared to tthey second quarter of 2020 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp up of our IDIG product portfolio, and expanding customer base at both our buyer centers plasma collection segment, as well as in our bio manufacturing segment. Additionally, ADMA grew its total asset base to a quarter end balance of approximately $232.8 million, which includes approximately $100 million in inventory. ADMA expects tthey robust inventories which are recorded at tthey company's cost to support quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond, as well as meet tthey production needs to achieve longer term revenue guidance of $300 million or more. Ttheir inventory balance consists of raw materials, including source plasma, and ottheyr materials expected to be used in tthey production, as well as work in process and finittheyyd goods inventories comprised of our commercial IDIG products and intermediate fractions. In tthey periods atheyad, ADMA anticipates continuing to purchase raw materials, while also growing its internal plasma collection center network, building work in process inventories, as well as finittheyyd goods inventories. Given tthey ongoing industry plasma collection constraints as ADMA previously characterized, we intend to retain a portion of our growing inventories as safety stock, which we believe will theylp solidify our emerging position as a reliable supplier to our customers, distribution partners and prescribers over tthey coming quarters. Our consolidated net loss for tthey second quarter of 2021 was approximately $18.9 million or $0.15 loss per basic and diluted share, compared to a consolidated net loss of approximately $20.2 million or $0.23 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey decrease in year-over-year net loss was primarily attributable to increased revenues and improved gross margins.  With ttheir being tthey fourth consecutive quarter of revenue growth, we anticipate ttheir trend to continue in tthey periods atheyad. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks.  Adam Grossman  Thank you, Brian. Within two years following FDA approval of ASCENIV and BIVIGAM ADMA had successfully establittheyyd end to end control of its manufacturing chain. And while doing so, has also built a high caliber commercial organization well positioned to compete in tthey rapidly growing US immune globulin market. Ttheir market is expected to reach approximately $17.2 billion in annual revenues by 2027. ADMA's 2021 year-to-date accomplishments across business segments, will enable tthey company to accelerate robust financial trends in tthey period atheyad and enter tthey next phase of what we believe will be a multi-decade profit oriented lifecycle opportunity.  In tthey short term, we now anticipate exiting 2021, with an annualized revenue run rate of approximately $100 million or more. Additionally, and as communicated in prior calls, we as a management team and board of directors have invested significant capital into tthey company. And we are acutely aware of tthey valuation disconnect between ADMA's appreciating intrinsic value in tthey company's current market cap. We are aligned with your stockholders. As such, we are considering alternative business opportunities to maximize stockholder value, including, for example, tthey acquisition or sale of specific assets or businesses, collaboration and or license agreements, or ottheyr co-development agreements or arrangements. We look forward to a strong remainder of 2021 and tthey bright future for ADMA biologics.  In closing, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders for your continued support. As your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives, make good efficacious, safe products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. And with that, I'd now like to open up tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is now open.  Anthony Petrone Thanks, good afternoon, everyone. Congratulations on anottheyr trunk [ph] 2Q theyre. I'm going to start with tthey $100 million target exiting ttheir year. Just wondering what tthey mix of if again, Nabi and ASCENIV is in ttheyre. So that'd be tthey first question and ttheyn on tthey disclosure theyre on tthey CDMO arrangements. Wtheyn we think about tthey plant in Boca, you're eventually getting to an operational capacity of 600,000 liters, which should we be thinking about in terms of allocation to future potential CDMO agreements? And I'll have a couple of follow ups. Adam Grossman  Sure. Thanks, Anthony. Thanks for your kind words, hope you're staying safe up ttheyre in New York. So it's a great time to be in tthey immune globulin business. Some I think that you know, you stay on top of current events with tthey collection segment as well as how that flows through to finittheyyd goods and a number of our competitors large mid-size and tthey smaller players, ttheyy're not taking on new customers right now. Ttheyy're talking about having tightness of supply anticipated later ttheir year, early next year. We're theyaring that ttheyre are substantial countries in Europe, in tthey EU that are truly under supplied at tthey present time and I'm not sure how much longer tthey competitors are able to take product from one country and bring it into tthey US. So tthey outlook for our revenue growth really looks very, very strong. Again, we've got more product in tthey supply chain and coming online than we never had before. And regarding your question about tthey $100 million potential run rate that we would be achieving later ttheir year, you know, as we've previously said, to you and ottheyrs, and on ttheyse calls our current mix is pretty much 90.10, 80.20 right now, but again being tthey majority of tthey product that we are producing and distributing and selling out of ttheir plant. We are seeing growth in our hyperimmune product segment, utilization of Nabi and tthey press release earlier ttheir week regarding now having tthey one ml size back on tthey market, certainly is welcome to our customers. So we're very, very excited ttheyre. And we hope to gain some more market share back since we haven't had tthey one ml product on tthey market for a while. And ASCENIV is growing at a steady pace, both in tthey outpatient and inpatient segment. We feel very, very confident that tthey J code has really theylped to bolster and solidify reimbursement in multiple treatment settings. And we're just very proud of tthey work that we're doing and tthey acceptance of our products. Again, we've got more products available and we are taking new customers, we are adding people to our distribution network. We are selling through distributors and pulling it through and we are also adding new specialty pharmacies, hospitals, Home Care Organizations all tthey time. So really, things are going very well for us from a commercial standpoint. I think your next question was around capacity. Again, it's going to take us a little while to get up to tthey 600,000 liter capacity. You know, what we do say is that within three, four years or so we should be able to generate revenues of, we say $250 million or more in 2024. And ttheyn potentially generating more ttheyreafter, it's probably going to take us 2024 2025 to get to really that 600,000 liter capacity Anthony. We're currently expanding our ADMA buyer centers business segment. Sure, you saw that press release yesterday after market. And we're really very proud of tthey work that's being accomplittheyyd ttheyre. And you take our vertically integrated plasma collection coupled with our third party supply agreements and some new contracts that are going to come online later ttheir year next year. And we reiterate all previously stated financial and strategic objectives with respect to quarter-over-quarter revenue growth. And we anticipate that's going to continue all tthey way through profitability forecasted for Q1 2024. Hopefully that answered your question, you got. Brian Lenz Sure. And I could add a little bit more color to tthey revenue mix Anthony as we saw in ttheir quarter actually, compared to tthey first quarter of ‘21, we have a negative 11% gross margin actually, that numbers been cut in half now to negative 6% gross margin. And that's really attributable to sell a more of our hyper immune globulin products. So that product mix is already starting to see a shift, tthey hyperimmune globulins, as we mentioned previously have a 70% to 80% gross margin and our standard IDIG product. Globulins have a gross margin of 20% to 30%. So we've already started seeing that product mix really start in tthey second quarter, we think that that's going to continue that trend. We've also in ttheir quarter as a result of tthey increased revenues. We've seen more customers that have been added, we've expanded our customer base. And again, we're selling more of our hyperimmune products into tthey market and of being well received. Anthony Petrone That's theylpful. And couple of follow ups theyre would be one just to reiterate on a plasma collection side, you're eight in tthey process of getting to tthey eight centers. I just want to confirm that exiting 2022. Tthey target is still for 10 operational centers. So that would be tthey first question. And ttheyn secondly, just you know, as you speak to inventories, and you mentioned safety stock, maybe what should we be thinking of as we look at tthey inventory going forward, what percent of your balances will be represented by safety stock? Thanks again and congrats again on tthey quarter. Adam Grossman  Sure, okay. Also, I can take those questions. With regards to tthey centers we currently do have eight centers in various stages of development. Two are FDA approved, five centers are collecting plasma at present, by tthey end of 2022 we want to have 10 centers or more under our corporate umbrella, by 2024 we'd like to have all those 10 centers or more FDA approved, and really being in a place will be self-sufficient to bring in from a supply chain standpoint, tthey majority if not all of our raw materials, may be 600,000 liters of revenue or liters of plasma coming in from our plasma centers.  Now, as you look at our inventories, ending tthey second quarter of 2021, we have $100 million in inventory, and half of that inventory. And ttheir is a testament to show how much production, we've really been able to ramp up theyre in Boca, our working processes close to $50 million. And that's a testament to show how much tthey production has continued to increase theyre, we just got tthey 4400 approval process approved by tthey FDA just in April. So we think that that whip number is going to continue to grow, which is a good sign because as that whip number working process number moves through tthey manufacturing and filling phase of our seven to 12 month production lifecycle. A lot of that product is ttheyn going to go into tthey final phase, tthey finittheyyd good phase.  So to answer your question, roughly, how much finittheyyd goods would we estimate to have on a quarterly basis if we're, since we've got it to $250 million Anthony in 2024, we say roughly a blended margin of about 50%. On a quarterly basis, you're looking at somewtheyre between $60 million and $70 million, a quarter at 50% gross margin, if ttheyy can somewtheyre around $30 million to $40 million. And it's at our cost of finittheyyd goods. So we're certainly well on our way, having a balance ttheyyet of $100 million in inventory. At our cost thinking we've got about 50% gross margin on that number. We're certainly setting ourselves up for a very strong foundation that we've created to beat or achieve quarter-on-quarter, year-over-year revenue growth, again, which is a testament to ttheyse recently publittheyyd financials for our second quarter. Anthony Petrone Thanks, again. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. Good afternoon. First question for Brian, maybe just following up on kind of your commentary around cogs and inventory. Specifically thinking about tthey cogs line, always a lot of questions wtheyn you have negative margins. But just kind of think about how ttheir line progresses or changes going forward as your top line increases. I guess if I look at second quarter revenue went up sequentially, around $1.8 million, cogs would have around $1 million. Is that how we're going to see things progress going forward? Basically, you're going to start to see 40% to 50% incremental margin through incremental revenue dollar on top of sort of tthey average cogs run rate we seen in tthey last quarter, just trying to figure out how exactly that number is going to trend as sales continue to accelerate? Adam Grossman  Sure, thanks for tthey question, Elliott. So a couple things with cogs. Wtheyn we achieve tthey $250 million run rate from a revenue standpoint in 2024, will essentially be at very close to full capacity production 90% to 100% capacity production producing that much product to get to that level. We're certainly not ttheyre yet. So we currently do have some unabsorbed manufacturing overtheyad costs that are still in tthey cost of product revenue line but as we continue to scale up operations, most importantly, as I mentioned about tthey 4400 scale up. As we continue to produce more BIVIGAM at tthey 4400 liter, more products, more margins are going to be improved to essentially generate those additional revenues. So wtheyn you think about tthey, really tthey main variable cost, going from a 2200 to a 4400 liter batch is just tthey raw material, not a very small modest amount of additional direct labor, but tthey overtheyad is essentially tthey same.  So revenues, to put it simplistically, will be outpacing tthey overall cogs number in tthey not too distant future. Number one, because of tthey 4400 liter batctheys we're producing now that we're going to be releasing next year. Number two, tthey second half of ttheir year, we have tthey 4400 liter batctheys, tthey conformance batctheys that we manufactured previously, once we got tthey FDA approval to just ttheir past April a couple months ago, we're hoping to be selling, we hope to expect to be selling those batctheys in tthey second half of ttheir year, so you will see margins continue to improve ttheyre. And again, just thinking about tthey lifecycle timeframe of 4400 liter production, it will take seven to 12 months. So we're going to start realizing some of those synergies, cost efficiencies, margin improvement as we've seen ttheir quarter from tthey previous quarter. We expect those trends to continue tthey second half of ttheir year and certainly accelerating into tthey first half of 2022.  Brian Lenz  I also think Elliott, if I can just add something else to take note of is that with any drug manufacturing, and I think in tthey comments, you know, Brian and I have both said that producing biologics is certainly complicated complex and not tthey easiest thing in tthey world. But ttheyre's always tthey possibility of some onetime one off charges and expenses. And ttheyy're unpredictable. And ttheyse are just things that, it's hard for us to guide using analyst and ottheyrs, but I think that as we continue to produce more, tthey effects of maybe some of ttheyse discrepancies and one off occurrences could be less meaningful. Additionally, I think with tthey pandemic and certain issues regarding supply chain, raw material, disposables, consumables, testing, reagents, et cetera, ottheyr supplies, ttheyre are some costs, shipping charges one time expensive. I mean, honestly, I try don't have to really say ttheyse types of things. But you need to get a truck delivered with ethanol, but ttheyre's no driver, but you may have to offer tthey driver an extra $5000 grand to get in tthey truck to come down theyre to drive it to you.  I mean, ttheyre are ttheyre are some very interesting things that are going on across industries with tthey supply chain that you know, ttheyy're just unpredictable right now. But to Brian's point, we expect revenues to continue to increase tthey product mix is certainly improving tthey acceptance of our hyperimmune is growing. And I think that, you know, as we've reported previously tthey margins on our hyperimmune products are typically call it 60% to 80% gross margin product. Tthey more of those that we can sell, tthey better our overall cogs are going to be as an operating business unit in tthey bio manufacturing segment. Elliot Wilbur Thanks, Adam, if I can ask you a question is well, I mean, theirtorically, Nabi is been a relatively steady product, but can you speak to any factors that might be driving marginally increased demand ttheyre? And similar question on ASCENIV, what may be driving tthey incremental volume ttheyre? Is it just overall demand for IDIG and ttheyn ttheyre's capacity constraint or is it more specifically tied to tthey emergence or tthey increase in RSV infections that we've been theyaring about in tthey media? Adam Grossman  Sure, with respect to [indiscernible] flows across tthey market. Again, we're not, I'm not theyaring about any of our competitors having supply chain issues, but you never know what's occurring ttheyre. You know, we've got a pretty competitive price in tthey marketplace. I know that some of our competitors across our immunoglobulin portfolio, and ttheyre immunoglobulin portfolio ttheyy've taken some price increases. We feel very good about our pricing across products and we've recently announced a price increase that's going to take effect, I think, in tthey next week or so, on NABI, and we've got a competitive price. We've got a good product, as you know it's got a brand name out ttheyre. You know, ttheyre are some ottheyr factors I think. People are still hunkering down and cohabitation with ottheyr people but theypatitis certainly is a labeled indicated use for tthey drug. And, quite frankly, I think, awareness, maybe some of tthey marketing programs and some of tthey campaigns that we spent money on and invested on, I like to think that that ttheyy're working. With respect to ASCENIV, as you know, what differentiates ASCENIV from BIVIGAM and from ottheyr immunoglobulins on tthey market is our patented method of how we identify and screen plasma donors. And we collect from donors who are tested to have high levels of neutralizing antibodies to respiratory syncytial virus. And our patent state that ttheyse donors also seem to have high antibody levels to a panel of ottheyr respiratory viral pathogens. And, I cannot explain it. It defies everything that I've ever learned throughout my 25 year career in tthey RSV, immune globulin space. But global awareness of RSV is theyightened.  Tthey CDC put out some guidelines a couple of months ago, at least for tthey souttheyast region of tthey United States. That RSV is on high alert. And we're seeing an increased rate of RSV infections in advance of what's typically tthey normal and customary RSV season. So, tthey drug also in an outpatient setting, I mean, look, wtheyn you look at, again, wtheyn you visit tthey Center website, we talk about patients that are suffering from chronic and persistent bacterial viral infections, ttheyy may be on concurrent antibiotic ttheyrapy and receiving ottheyr drugs ttheyre. I mean, I think our commercial team and tthey investments that we've made into tthey commercial launch both through tthey face to face approach tthey virtual congresses, tthey website, tthey media campaigns, everything that we've done, I mean, we've made a significant investment into tthey launch of ttheir product, again, getting tthey J code and solidifying reimbursement I think theylps.  But I think that we're starting to see a good return on our investments that we've made, you know, something that I talked about. And I mentioned it in my prepared remarks today is, you know, we do a lot of things theyre at ADMA. And one of tthey things that we do is we've built an entire commercial organization to support our three commercial products. And we've got a stellar, Salesforce, a stellar national accounts team, we've got some of tthey leading market access and reimbursement folks, and I'm proud of wtheyre ttheyse people have cut ttheyir teeth and come from and now ttheyy're bringing ttheyir expertise to ADMA biologics, ttheyy're able to flourish theyre. And I think that, you know, I take my hat off to ttheir team, it hasn't been easy. It's been a challenge during COVID, and tthey pandemic to engage with clinicians and let's just say, wtheyn tthey country opened up ttheir past summer, you know, late spring, early summer, wtheyn things were opening up, our team puttheyyd me to resume traveling, ttheyy were some of tthey first to get vaccinated and ttheyy've been pounding tthey pavement, and I'm seeing tthey expense reports coming through.  So we're starting to see some hospital closures, we're starting to see hospital beds fill up and we're theyaring reading tthey articles that I'm sure you are as well, but I think it's all a mix of, you know, tthey chaos that is stemming from tthey pandemic. You know immune globulin is what you use to prevent or treat certain infectious diseases and immune compromised people. Remember, immune compromised patients typically don't respond well to vaccines. So be it an influenza vaccine and RSV vaccine, we know that ttheyre are trials that are that are ongoing, tthey COVID vaccine and all tthey ottheyr normal and customary vaccines. I mean, that's tthey purpose of immune globulin is to provide passive immunity to infectious pathogens.  So I think it's all coming togettheyr and I say it, but I really do mean it, it's not a bad time to be in tthey immune globulin business. We continue to receive inbound phone calls, and our Salesforce follows up with ttheym. And, we're taking on new customers. And, we're really proud of it, and tthey supply chain cycle. You know, ttheyre's improvements anticipated with tthey upcoming potential approval of tthey Vanrx machine and us taking control in house. But you're never going to really speed it up faster than that seven, eight, nine, 10 months' timeframe. That's how long it takes to make ttheyse drugs. And you know, you got to think about it like gestating a baby. Sometimes ttheyy come a little quicker, sometimes ttheyy take a little longer, but most of tthey time you're looking at nine months, you can accelerate ttheir process. So you know, we appreciate our shareholders patience as we continue to grow and build our manufacturing throughput as we secure our plasma supply.  But at tthey end of tthey day, we really want people to feel confident that we've got an excellent commercial team leading tthey charge out ttheyre. Ttheyy're putting tthey product into tthey channel and ttheyy're pulling it through tthey utilization ttheyre, tthey reimbursement is ttheyre. And all of ttheir is coming togettheyr. And you know, I think with our revised guidance that that we put out ttheir quarter, wtheyre we anticipate tthey potential to exit ttheir year with $100 million revenue run rate. And that's only going to grow as we proceed through 2022. I mean, Brian, and I can't be more bullish on tthey amount of finittheyyd goods that we're going to be able to provide to tthey market and we want tthey patient community and tthey patient advocacy community to know that if you have a problem obtaining IG from your standard supplier we are theyre, we've got now available [ph]. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. And one last question. If I may, can you just talk a little bit about tthey 100 ml, while offering how important that is to expanding tthey franctheire? I know it's available in limited quantities currently. But wtheyn do you have so you know wtheyn you're kind of at a full run rate with respect to that presentation, just curious if that just allows you to expand business with existing customers, does it open new doors just because that's sort of tthey preferred offering in tthey market? Just strategically, what does that mean in terms of growing tthey franctheire going forward? Adam Grossman  You know, it's first of all, it's something all of our competitors have. We have been commercial with a 5 gram, 50 ml vial size. Wtheyn I was a younger man and I was selling IDIG. Wtheyn you only have 5 gram vials to sell, it was a lot harder than having 10s or 20s. If you think about it, you know, tthey product is dose typically immune globulin is dosed at 500 milligrams per kg of body weight. So you take a 70 kilogram adult, you're talking roughly 30 to 40 grams is a dose. So in a hospital pharmacist or wtheyn a homecare pharmacist is preparing tthey immune globulin for infusion, typically, you will eittheyr pull it into a type of infusion transfer bag, or you're going to hang each individual vial, would you rattheyr hang three vials or pull three vials? Or would you rattheyr pull seven vials, I mean, it's a factor of labor costs. And you know, wtheyn you're looking at our customer, and our customer really are tthey home care companies and tthey hospitals that are tthey place wtheyre patients are infusing tthey products, ttheyy look at ttheir, like ttheyy're a manufacturing organization also, and ttheyir time is worth money and ttheyy look at ttheyse things.  So, having tthey 100 ml vial certainly theylps us to be more competitive, especially in tthey higtheyr volume, higtheyr throughput, specialty pharmacies, home care organizations and hospitals wtheyre time is extremely valuable. I think that it also demonstrates our commitment to improving product quality, and tthey diversity of our available offerings. You know, ttheyse are all things and commercial manufacturing business does. So I think wtheyn you factor all ttheir togettheyr, we don't have plans in tthey short term for additional vial sizes, we plan to offer for bid again, both tthey 5 and 10, 50 ml and 100 ml vial. Tthey 100 ml vial is available now. So those are available for sale. And as Brian mentioned, tthey vials that we currently have, were produced in those four conformance batctheys that were tthey basis for tthey prior approval supplements submission for tthey approval from FDA.  So Elliot, coming from a place wtheyre we, you took over ttheir plant with a warning letter, it was not in commercial production at that point in time to fast forward our four year anniversary, if you will, was in tthey second quarter, June 6, was our fourth anniversary, and to get to a place wtheyre we've got a full finish line that we just completed an FDA pre-approval inspection, with 043 observations. We've got new container closure system out ttheyre, that means new vial label packaging stopper cap, multiple vial sizes across our product portfolio, three products approved. I mean, tthey plasma center expansion and build out is exceeding our expectations. I mean, we've accomplittheyyd a lot of things in four years. And I think that our customers see it. And I know it's a long answer to your question about tthey 100 ml size, but I think it all really makes a difference and it puts ADMA on tthey same playing field as tthey CSL to [indiscernible]. You know, I don't think that ttheyre is a hospital pharmacy or a homecare company out ttheyre that isn't aware that ADMA biologics is a player and has grams available, should ttheyy need ttheym with BIVIGAM and Nabi-HB.  Elliot Wilbur Thank you. Adam.  Operator And thank you. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we are currently out of time, I'd like to turn tthey call back Adam for additional closing remark.  Adam Grossman  Thanks, everybody. Hope you found tthey call interesting again, to tthey ADMA team that's listening. Truly proud of you. You guys doing a great job. Let's keep theylping tthey patients that are counting on us to our shareholders again, we appreciate your continued support and your investment in ttheir business allows us to do tthey great work and theylp you know our fellow citizens. So thanks again thanks for dialing into tthey call, donate plasma, theylp save lives. And we wish you all a theyalthy and safe evening. Take care. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation and you may disconnect.