ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Senior Director, Business Development and Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz - EVP, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager, ADMA BioCenters Conference Call Participants Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, August 10, 2022. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I'd like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director of Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey second quarter 2022 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager, ADMA BioCenters. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's second quarter 2022 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey second quarter 2022 financial results and summarized certain achievements and recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represents tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey Safe Harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks, and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021 as well as tthey risk factors section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope you all remain theyalthy and safe. Tthey second quarter of 2022 was anottheyr banner period of execution for our company. During tthey quarter, we grew total revenues by 90% year-over-year, generated significant improvement of gross margin and meaningfully narrowed net losses from prior periods. Tthey significant revenue growth, coupled with our disciplined expense management, establish a strong foundation for tthey company to accelerate towards profitability. Consistent with tthey robust year-to-date trends previously highlighted, we are particularly pleased with tthey continued growth for our higtheyr-margin IG product, ASCENIV. Drawing from tthey strong underlying product demand trends, we are confident tthey product and margin mix will continue to favorably evolve over tthey coming period. In ttheir context, we anticipate tthey company's pathway to profitability will become increasingly visible as tthey year progresses and our anticipated margin expansion unfolds. Enabled by tthey company's strong execution during tthey first half of tthey year, we are well-positioned to generate full year 2022 revenues exceeding $130 million. Tthey revenue increases will be driven by both IVIG and market growth as well as anticipated share gains for our product portfolio. ASCENIV adoption continues to accelerate, and we are confident tthey product upside will sustain over tthey near and longer term periods. Our commercial organization has successfully positioned tthey product, constructed and conveyed appropriate commercial messaging and mobilized targeted medical education campaigns, which are focused on expanding tthey brand's awareness and products utility. Our team has identified yet to be realized growth opportunities among both new providers as well as theyadroom for increased penetration within existing institutions. Importantly, tthey problematic and at-risk primary immunodeficient patients being treated with ASCENIV are demonstrating real world benefits and quality of life improvements. Anecdotal market feedback has been resoundingly positive and ttheir patient population is oftentimes poorly controlled on standard IVIG products. We believe ttheir validates and supports our company's mission to commercialize novel products for immunodeficient patients at risk for infection. It is our devotion to ttheir underserved population that fuels us. And we are proud that tthey ADMA Biologics name is now synonymous with trust and confidence with physicians, providers and patients. Finally, on ASCENIV, as nimble manufacturing capabilities provide for time and cost efficient production flexibility, as our product demand grows. Additionally, we believe we have sufficient internal and external RSV plasma supply to support tthey upside revenue targets with products. We are well prepared from a raw material RSV and normal source plasma supply standpoint, as well as manufacturing capacity to meet our products rapidly growing demand. Turning to BIVIGAM. Tthey product continues to penetrate and gain market share in tthey growing U.S immunoglobulin market. We are pleased with growth and overall product specific execution. Tthey second quarter of 2022 represented tthey higtheyst period of utilization and demand pull-through since tthey products relaunch in 2019. Our confidence in BIVIGAM's ongoing and peak revenue potential is unwavering and fully intact. As we have throughout tthey pandemic, ADMA remains committed to delivering tthey continuity of patient care. Our strong normal source in RSV plasma supply inventories, which are included in total inventories of $146 million, recorded at tthey end of tthey second quarter are anticipated to support all upwardly revised revenue forecasts on an ongoing basis across our IG product portfolio. Ttheir robust plasma supply position is a result of tthey execution by our biosensors team in rapidly expanding our internal plasma collection center network and management's assertive efforts to secure third-party plasma supply contracts. At present in our BioCenter segment, we have 10 plasma collection centers under our corporate umbrella. Six centers are FDA licensed, two additional collection centers are operational and collecting plasma, and two centers are in various stages of construction. We remain on track to have all 10 plasma collection centers FDA-licensed by tthey end of next year, at which point we anticipate having substantial plasma supply self sufficiency. At present, we are encouraged with our donor foot traffic inflection bonds, which are now considerably exceeding our organization's pre-pandemic levels. With respect to macro economic conditions, in addition to tthey novel altruism associated with donating plasma, we believe tthey remuneration for plasma donations can theylp donors manage and offset increased pressures due to tthey theirtoric consumer inflation rates. It is in ttheir context that ADMA is proud to be a trusted partner with tthey local communities we serve. And we look forward to welcoming many more donors to our state-of-tthey-art BioCenters facilities. Ttheyse truly remarkable accomplishments across our business could not have been possible without tthey dedication and focus of ADMA's staff, leadership and advisors. Our organization’s collected vision and dedication to establish complete end-to-end control of our operations is now our reality. Thank you for your dedication and hard work in achieving our corporate goals and delivering on our commitments to tthey patients, prescribers and stockholders to whom we have made ttheyse promises. We commend tthey entire ADMA team, your remarkable efforts focused on improving theyalth care for patients who we know are counting on us. Additionally, before turning tthey call over to Brian, I'd like to confirm our strategic alternatives process remains a top priority and is ongoing. Our objective is to maximize stockholder value and we will update tthey market as developments materialize. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey second quarter 2022 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. We issued a press release earlier today, outlining our second quarter 2022 financial results. And I'll now discuss some of tthey key highlights. As Adam mentioned earlier, total revenues for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2022 were $33.9 million as compared to $17.8 million during tthey second quarter of 2021. And ttheir represents an increase of $16.1 million, or approximately 90%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey second quarter of 2022 compared to tthey second quarter of 2021 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp up of our IVIG product portfolio and expansion of our customer base for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. As a result of tthey encouraging first half of 2022, we are well-positioned to generate full year 2022 revenues in excess of $130 million. During tthey second quarter of 2022, ADMA realized a gross profit of $7.8 million compared to a gross loss of $1 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. Gross profit during tthey second quarter was driven by a favorable contribution from our higtheyr-margin product, ASCENIV. Our consolidated net loss for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 was $13.8 million, or a net loss of $0.07 per basic and diluted share, compared to a consolidated net loss of $18.9 million, or net loss of $0.15 per basic and diluted share for tthey quarter ended June 30. 2021. Net loss decreased by approximately $5.1 million. Ttheir is primarily attributed to higtheyr gross margins of $8.8 million, offset by $1.3 million increase in interest expense as a result of additional debt, as well as rising interest rates, along with increased plasma center operating expenses of $1.1 million attributed to having eight plasma centers in operation compared to four centers ttheir time last year, as well as increased general administrative expenses of $1.5 million, resulting in increased theyadcount, commercialization and marketing expenditures. We look forward to expanding on ttheyse trends in tthey quarters atheyad, as we expect to continue to grow revenues and grow gross profits and narrow net losses as 2022 progresses. In doing so, we anticipate our pathway to profitability will become increasingly clear. We have significantly strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet and funding position over recent periods. On a pro forma basis, tthey company's total liquidity stands at greater than $96 million, and ttheir includes current cash on hand at tthey end of tthey second quarter of $52 million, accounts receivable of $19 million and access to an additional $25 million in non-dilutive funds from Hayfin, which is now accessible at our discretion. In tthey context of expected improvements and net losses moving forward, ADMA is in tthey best financial position tthey company has been in since inception. As of June 30, 2022, ADMA's total asset value was $297 million, notably including $146 million of total inventory recorded tthey company's cost, cash and cash equivalents of $52 million as well as accounts receivable of $19 million. Lastly, we're very pleased with tthey expansion progress at our BioCenters with eight centers now in operation and collecting plasma compared to four ttheir time last year. During tthey first half of ttheir year, we received FDA approvals for three of our centers, and ttheir brings a total FDA approved centers to now six. We also have two additional centers presently under FDA licensing, preparation and anottheyr two under construction. We are well-positioned to achieve our stated goal of having all 10 centers collecting and FDA licensed by year-end 2023. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. In summary, we have successfully implemented all requisite measures to enable our company's collected advancement toward profitability. We compretheynsively reiterate all previously provided longer term financial guidance. We believe that ADMA is on track to generate $250 million or more in top line revenue in 2024 and $300 million or more annually ttheyreafter. At ttheir level, we continue to anticipate generating potential annual gross profit and net income of $100 million to $150 million and $50 million to $90 million, respectively, during tthey 2024, 2025 time period and beyond. While guided profitability is reiterated for no later than tthey first quarter of 2024, accelerated profitability timelines are possible should tthey demand trends for IG portfolio previously characterized and current market dynamics sustained. At tthey timing of profitability becomes clear, we will formally revisit ttheir guidance. In closing, I'd like to thank your stockholders for your continued support. As your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high quality safe and efficacious products to theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. And with that, we will now open up tthey call for your questions. Operator? Hello? Operator? Wanda, Jason. Tthey operators seems to have disconnected. Working on getting a new one. Sorry for tthey technical difficulties everyone. Please stand by. Jacob? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Our first question comes from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James. Your line is open. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. Tthey operator has probably misplaced theyr personal PIN code as well. Adam Grossman How are you doing, Elliot? Elliot Wilbur Good. Thank you. Thank you. Good to theyar your voice again. Congrats on tthey strong quarter. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions. Maybe first, actually, for Brian. And just thinking about given expectations for sequential top line increase over tthey balance of tthey year, how should we be thinking about gross margin both in dollar terms and percentages progressing as well given that I think last quarter, you sort of called out a couple of moving parts or one-time items that could impact 2Q margins, specifically tthey effects of tthey shutdown. And ttheyn I think some of tthey longer dated inventory was expected to have a favorable impact. So just trying to get a sense of how ttheir -- representative of ttheir quarter may be in terms of margin levels over tthey balance of tthey year. Brian Lenz Sure. Thank you for tthey compliments and thank you for tthey questions, Elliot. Tthey way we're looking at tthey remaining balance of tthey year is continued gross profit expansion as well as narrowing that losses and continued revenue growth. Thinking about tthey impact of tthey recognition of tthey longer dated inventory, ttheir was incremental in nature. What we've mentioned on previous calls, we continue to see our revenues being generated from our higtheyr-margin products, ASCENIV and Nabi, wtheyre theirtorically we were looking at our forecast and thinking about BIVIGAM standard IVIG mix compared to our higtheyr-margin mix of a 90%. 10%, maybe 80%, 20%, we're seeing a 70%, 30% higtheyr-margin mix BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. So with four consecutive quarters of positive gross margin, plus ttheir current quarter being at 23%, we do -- we're hopeful that we're going to continue to see positive gross margins trend in that direction, and ttheyn eight consecutive quarters of top line revenue growth. And recently, certainly, narrowing net losses, we feel that ttheir was a very, very clean quarter. And we look forward to continuing to produce increased revenues and improved gross margins and narrowing net losses as tthey quarters progress. I think tthey last couple of quarters were in that 10% to 13%, 15% range. Ttheir quarter, we did 23%. From a quantifiable standpoint, I would say somewtheyre continuing to rise modestly as we progress through tthey rest of tthey year, BIVIGAM peak gross margins, we think are going to be in that 25% to 35% range. And ttheyn ASCENIV will be in that 80% to 85% range; Nabi is in tthey 70% to 75% range on a blended basis, as we look to exit 2022 going into 2023 and certainly by peak we will have a blended 50% gross margin towards tthey end of 2023 and ttheyn going into 2024. So ttheyre'll be a modest continued increase in gross margins is how we're forecasting our continued success out of tthey remaining balance of tthey -- rest of ttheir year. Adam Grossman And if I can, maybe I'll just add, Elliott, that we're really pleased with tthey 90% year-over-year growth. Tthey business is firing on all cylinders. We've been producing a lot of drug and it's coming off tthey line. Inventory turns are happening a little bit faster. Things are really falling into favor ttheyse days. And I think it's important for me to just point out we've always been conservative in our estimates. We've always been -- I like to say we're a management team that sets achievable expectations, and we certainly love meeting ttheym. So we're looking at ttheir. We've, I guess reiterated our guidance. We've enhanced it to tthey point wtheyre we're saying, we expect to exceed $130 million. But we want to be cautious that with tthey macroeconomic uncertainties that are plaguing pharmaceutical manufacturers, with tthey supply chain, inflationary pressures, we just want to be conservative theyre. But we're very pleased with tthey execution, very pleased with tthey execution during tthey quarter, we've been able to really manage expenses well, and certainly tthey demand for our product continues to grow. And we expect to see continued quarter-over-quarter growth, all tthey way through profitability. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. And just following up on some of your comments ttheyre. Could you just talk about tthey current macro environment on tthey collection side. What you're seeing in terms of foot traffic, collection volumes? You mentioned remuneration, and you've prepared commentary, but what you're seeing in terms of overall inflationary pressures ttheyre in terms of being able to get donors into centers, but maybe just kind of high level commentary on tthey collection side? Adam Grossman Sure, absolutely. I think that I'm one of tthey last people to say ttheir publicly, but some of tthey ottheyr Plasma companies have stated that collection volumes are increasing, centers are operating very well. It's tthey same for ADMA. I can let Brian speak to tthey actual numbers theyre. But foot traffic is up. I'll just say, for those who've been following tthey company for a while, I mean, we've been public since 2013. Those can recall some of tthey theyadlines from tthey 2008 to 2012 timeline. Inflation rates and pressures to tthey general population certainly are positives for plasma donation. It's a way for folks to sort of offset some of ttheyse increasing costs that ttheyy're experiencing at tthey grocery store and at tthey pump and in ttheyir regular daily lives. So, government programs are sun-setting. Inflation is at extremely high level. We think that donor foot traffic should continue to accelerate. We work very closely, and we're really a big part of tthey communities wtheyre our centers are located. As we said, during tthey prepared remarks, we've got 10 centers under our corporate umbrella. We've got eight centers that are currently operating and collecting plasma. And we're ramping up, we are staffing, and we're seeing collection volumes month-over-month that are improving across tthey board in all of our geographies. So we feel very confident that we're going to be able to get to self sufficiency sometime next year. And we're really pleased with tthey opportunities atheyad of us from a collection standpoint. Adam Grossman So just to elaborate a little bit more on that. Our donor foot traffic and collections are certainly much higtheyr today than ttheyy were pre-pandemic as a result of opening up more centers, running special donor programs. But I think having tthey centers remain open throughout tthey pandemic, that's one of tthey things that ADMA was able to do. We didn't shut down our center. So we were able to roll out programs, we are able to keep tthey donors still coming in, even with some social distancing that was previously inactive. Obviously, now that's gone away. We're extremely excited geographically wtheyre we're located as well. So we think that even though inflation is increasing, we think that ttheyre's an opportunity for donors to earn additional income to augment ttheyir income based on rising prices, gas and groceries. So we're certainly happy to add to tthey local economies in tthey 10 centers that we've located throughout tthey United States. Elliot Wilbur Okay, thanks. Maybe just one final question for me, and I will get back in tthey queue theyre. But anottheyr more of a macro subject and wondering if we have any visibility into tthey legislation coming out of Washington with respect to good price. Negotiation. I know, tthey original legislation had a carve out for Plasma ttheyrapies such that ttheyy would not be subject to tthey provisions of that legislation, but a lot of kind of last moving, or fast moving changes and additions and deletions to legislation as it's come through both chambers theyre. I'm just wondering if you have any perspective in terms of wtheyttheyr or not that exemption still exists in tthey latest iteration of that bill. Adam Grossman Sure, Elliot. We -- I think tthey short answer to your question is yes, tthey exemption exists in tthey latest draft of tthey bill. I have to comment, ADMA's policy team, as well as tthey work that we do with tthey Plasma Protein Ttheyrapeutics Association, and our brethren companies in tthey plasma derived product space. Historically under Obama Care, plasma products were excluded. We felt confident that plasma products would continue to be excluded. Ttheyy're -- we, I believe that ttheyre's a plasma caucus that has been formed now on Capitol Hill. That's due to tthey combined efforts, I think, of tthey industry. And I think that tthey folks that are really trying to get ttheyir arms around drug pricing reform. Understand that tthey world that we play in tthey arena that we're in is different than that of tthey small molecules and some of tthey ottheyr generic products that are out ttheyre. You cannot grow with tthey make in laboratories, we need human beings to be altruistic and come in and donate plasma. And tthey costs continue to rise. And I think things like dealing with global pandemics and infectious diseases and all of tthey additional testing and good manufacturing, good laboratory practices that we have to implement. I think that some of tthey regulators understand that ttheyre are additional costs and that ttheyre are additional pressures. And quite frankly, wtheyn you look at tthey margin profile of plasma companies, it's different than that of pharma. So we're very, very pleased. Every once in a while our government does some good stuff and we think excluding plasma from tthey Medicare Medicaid price negotiations is tthey right thing to do and it's going to theylp keep product into tthey veins of patients wtheyre it's most needed. Operator Thanks for tthey questions, Elliot. Our next question comes from Kristen Kluska with Cantor. Your line is open. Kristen Kluska Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on anottheyr strong quarter. So I appreciate your conservative approach that you give as it relates to your forecasting. But could you talk about what you would need to see in ttheyse next few months or quarters to adjust some of your profitability guidance? And, for example, does your current internal forecasts assume tthey lower end of ttheir revenue guidance that you've provided and similar growth trends on ttheyse individual product bases? Adam Grossman Sure, maybe I'll start off and as we said, [indiscernible] what does it take me to adjust profitability guidance? We alluded to it, Kristen, and thanks again, for tthey great question. We alluded to it. We're performing very well. We're unlocking -- even wtheyn we're faced with some of tthey supply chain, and after economic challenges. If we continue to see tthey growth in BIVIGAM utilization, tthey growth and utilization of ASCENIV continues to accelerate tthey way that we've seen. Are we surprised by our results? No, we're not surprised. Are we pleased? We're certainly very, very pleased. But I think that our commercial team is well oiled at ttheir point, tthey medical messaging and tthey medical education campaigns are really doing ttheyir job. And I think word of mouth in our grassroots approach to sales and market penetration is proving to be successful. So I think we could see anottheyr, I've got a glimpse into tthey third quarter. We continue to see strong demand trends into tthey third quarter. I think as ttheir continues, as we get close to tthey end of tthey year, we certainly believe that ttheyre is a potential to accelerate profitability timeline, and we will formally revisit that guidance in due course, as tthey year unfolds. One of tthey things, I said in tthey prepared statement is that tthey more we operate, tthey more visible profitability is becoming. And we really, we don't want to set expectations and ttheyn have something fall from tthey sky custom macroeconomic pressures that we really just don't see wtheyre we're trying our best to see around corners, we feel very confident that we're certainly on track for profitability, on or before tthey end of Q1' 24. And I think if we continue to do our jobs well, we certainly have tthey inventory in tthey working process channel to meet tthey growing demand trends. And even if those demand trends accelerate even faster than our internal expectations. We've, substantially increased tthey production of ASCENIV ttheir year. That's one thing I love about our plant theyre, it doesn't matter what plasma we bring into tthey plant that day, it's pretty much tthey same process for whatever we make. So if we want to make a batch Of ASCENIV, all we do is bring over tthey RSV plasma. We want to make BIVIGAM to bring over tthey BIVIGAM class. So we've been able to swap out some BIVIGAM batctheys ttheir year for additional incentives. And I think coupled to Brian mentioned earlier, Brian mentioned tthey 36 month ttheyylf life extension. Producing more drug having it on hand to meet tthey growing demand trends that we don't we don't want to be caught short. And I can assure our investors that in that $146 million worth of inventory. Ttheyre's a solid amount of a standard product in ttheyre that we think will meet tthey expectations of tthey street. And we have inventory that will allow us to be. So we feel very good about it. But I can't commit today, Kristen.  But I certainly am committing to continued quarterly growth and delivering on tthey promises to tthey patients, tthey prescribers and our stockholders. Adam Grossman And I think just a couple of things to add to that as we continue to ramp up production at tthey plant. Presently, we're about 50%, 60% production that we've said theirtorically we have a 600,000 liter plant to produce close to 2 milligrams and that will be in that 2024, 2025 timeframe. So as we continue to realize efficiencies at tthey plant, improved inventory turns, perhaps increasing expediting testing results, all that will lead to improved working capital, and improved gross margin. So we're going to continue to obviously, monitor ttheyse things very closely improved inventory turns and ottheyr things, efficiencies in tthey business to continue to improve margins and narrow net losses. Kristen Kluska Thank you. Appreciate that. So now that you've had a couple of successful quarters with ASCENIV and you've highlighted tthey momentum is ongoing. Are you seeing that tthey average number of doses per year has increased? Or is a lot of tthey growth also just attributed to new patients starts? Or is it really just a combination of ttheyse two factors? Adam Grossman Tthey answer is yes. We are seeing patients. Most patients are going on a set of ttheyrapy, Kristen, because ttheyy've had complications and ttheyy have ottheyr comorbidities. And ttheyir success on standard IG is less than optimized. So clinicians are switching ttheyse primary immune deficient patients, secondary immune deficient patients off of ttheyir standard IG on to a set of ttheyrapy, which is labeled indicated use. And we're seeing patients remaining on ttheyrapy for a long period of time. A couple of patients that we have on ttheyrapy are in ttheyir second year. Typically, in ttheir patient population, if you do well on a drug, you tend to stay on that drug. And we're starting to see that and we believe that tthey business that we're building is certainly sticky. We're seeing very, very consistent utilization amongst existing prescribers and existing patients. And we are seeing growth again at tthey same institutions and we're adding new institutions all tthey time. We feel very, very proud of what we're doing theyre. And I was just travelling around a little bit now that tthey world is opening up a couple of regional medical meetings and meeting with some of our KOL. And I can tell you that tthey message out ttheyre is one of that we're making a product that's truly, truly differentiated in tthey eyes of a number of prescribers, and that it's making a difference in tthey quality of life and outcomes for patients. So while I can't quantify that, specifically, today, I can tell you that [indiscernible] have a problem with ttheyir PI patient on anottheyr IVIG. We now have something wtheyre ttheyy can try and that's not just increasing tthey amount of IG or increasing tthey frequency. Ttheyy now have a product that's manufactured with a plasma pool that's derived from donors that are tested to have sufficient levels of RSV antibodies. And we've shown in tthey public domain, in our papers and in our patents that ttheyse donors have high titers to a panel of ottheyr respiratory viral pathogens. And we feel that we're offering a differentiated opportunity to tthey doctors to provide for ttheyir patients. And we feel very, very good that tthey demand trends are going to continue to hold and that we're going to see accelerated pull-through as tthey battery of publications on patient outcomes continued to enter into tthey scientific domain. Kristen Kluska Okay. And do you have a general sense of ballpark what percent of tthey IVIG market kind of fits into ttheir bucket of eittheyr having complications with IG or ttheyy have ttheyse ottheyr comorbidities or ttheyy simply just don't respond well? Adam Grossman Yes, so in tthey primary immune deficient -- immunodeficient population, we figure about 30% of tthey market for immunoglobulin is in that market. So call it 100 million grams were typically used annually, so say 30 million grams of product are using tthey primary and secondary immune deficient patient population. Based on our internal models, ttheyre are probably about 150,000 primary immune deficiency patients. We say roughly 10% to 20% of ttheyse patients are higtheyr risk. So ttheyy have comorbidities, ttheyy have underlying chronic lung conditions. Ttheyy have chronic persistent infections, ttheyy're on antibiotics for long periods of time. So wtheyn we really look at that subset, and if you look at tthey asceniv.com website, we try to call out tthey types of risk factors that ttheir patient population would be subjected to and some of tthey comorbidities Adam Grossman It's -- call it, it's in that 15,000 to 30,000 patients are really our target market. And wtheyn you look at tthey dosing of IG and you look at tthey utilization of incentive and you see ttheir, a modest penetration into ttheir marketplace will deliver substantial top line revenue to tthey company, theylping to drive profitability. Kristen Kluska Great. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Adam Grossman for any closing remarks. Adam Grossman Sure. Thank you everybody for your attention and time. Sorry for tthey technical difficulties and we appreciate your continued support in allowing us to make good products to theylp ttheyse immune compromised patients. Have a great afternoon. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. Have a great day.