ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Director, IR & Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - Co-Founder, President, CEO & Director Brian Lenz - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James & Associates Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, November 10, 2021. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' Financial Results for tthey Third Quarter of 2021 and recent Corporate Updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's third quarter 2021 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening tthey call up for questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey third quarter 2021 financial results and summarized certain third quarter achievements in recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com.  Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties, such as those detailed in today's press release, announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey Disclosure Notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2021, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope you remain theyalthy and safe. Third quarter 2021 marks anottheyr transformational period for ADMA Biologics and establittheyys a new baseline from which tthey company expects continued growth and value creation. During tthey quarter, we grew revenues by more than 100% year-over-year to $20.7 million. Even furttheyr, we realized a key inflection point for our business, as we generated positive gross profit for tthey first time in our company's theirtory. Looking to tthey remainder of 2021 and beyond, we anticipate gross profits increasing and net losses narrowing as cost and operating efficiencies begin to materialize as a result of receiving FDA approvals for both tthey expanded 4,400-liter BIVIGAM production scale, and our aseptic fill/finish machine and its related processes. Tthey multiyear remediation efforts and investments into tthey Boca Raton manufacturing facility, coupled with our BioCenters plasma collection business unit are now beginning to yield tailwinds for our operating results, which we anticipate will improve at an accelerating pace in tthey periods atheyad. Our organization through its operational execution has clearly demonstrated strength and resilience, and we believe is well positioned to meet or exceed all our financial and operating targets and unlock value for stockholders. During tthey quarter, we took measures to address tthey long-standing financing overhang that has theirtorically weigtheyd on ADMA's valuation. In October, we significantly strengttheyned our cash position with tthey successful closing of an underwritten public equity offering of $57.5 million in gross proceeds. Wtheyn taken into consideration with our active engagement with prospective debt lenders, we believe ttheyre is potential to substantially fully fund our business for value creation and profitability, potentially no later than tthey first quarter of 2024. Turning to ADMA BioCenters. Tthey segment continues to excel, and we believe is on track to have 10 or more facilities, FDA-approved by year-end 2023. At ttheir level, we will be well positioned to ensure continuity of commercial drug product supply for tthey company's immune globulin portfolio. With tthey rapid expansion of our plasma collection center network, in addition to tthey yield enhancements we are currently realizing from tthey implementation of Haemonetics' Persona technology, we believe tthey company will be well enabled to establish source plasma supply self-sufficiency in tthey coming years at a rapid pace. From an asset value perspective, tthey valuation of fully licensed plasma collection centers continues to appreciate with recent acquisitions as industry demands for finittheyyd goods continues to outpace raw material supply. ADMA's growing inventories of approximately $114 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter, furttheyr validates tthey company's ability to achieve near-term and longer-term revenue growth targets. Tthey commercial, regulatory and operational milestones achieved during 2021 firmly establish ADMA as a reliable, vertically integrated, cGMP-compliant manufacturer, capable of successfully competing in tthey robust U.S. immune globulin market. A market which is anticipated to exceed $17 billion in annual sales by 2027. Although we continue to reiterate all previously communicated strategic and financial objectives, we do note tthey potential for upside to current revenue and profitability targets as a result of tthey FDA approval of our in-house fill/finish production operations. We believe that tthey majority of substantial capital investments into our infrastructure are now behind us. Tthey pathway to profitability is well defined and rapidly approaching. Looking forward, ADMA anticipates continued commercial execution and remains committed to unlocking tthey yet to be realized fair value that our asset base now commands. Ttheyse accomplishments could not have been possible without tthey dedication and focus of ADMA staff, leadership and advisors. We commend tthey entire team for ttheyir extraordinary efforts, focused on improving theyalth care for U.S. patients who we know are counting on us. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey third quarter 2021 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued our press release earlier today, outlining our third quarter 2021 financial results. I'll just review some of tthey highlights.  For tthey third quarter of 2021, total revenues were $20.7 million compared to $10.3 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2020, representing an increase of approximately $10.4 million or 101%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021 compared to tthey quarter ended September 30, 2020, was favorably impacted by tthey continued increase in commercial rollout of ADMA's IG product portfolio and sale of intermediate fractions. We are extremely pleased and encouraged to report that for tthey first time in our company's theirtory, ADMA generated positive gross profit during tthey third quarter of 2021. Ttheir key financial milestone was primarily attributable to tthey favorable product mix achieved during tthey quarter, wtheyre we sold more of our hyperimmune products compared to tthey previous quarter's results.  Our hyperimmune immunoglobulin products have a higtheyr margin than our standard immune globulin product. And ttheir, coupled with a portion of sales from our conformance batctheys are tthey main drivers for ttheir quarter, excellent results. Importantly, we expect tthey underlying gross profits to continue to grow in tthey coming quarters. As efficiencies kick in from tthey FDA approvals received for both tthey 4,400 liter expanded production scale, as well as our in-house fill/finish capabilities. As Adam mentioned earlier, ADMA significantly strengttheyned its balance ttheyyet during tthey third quarter and subsequent periods. At September 30, 2021, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of $34.4 million and accounts receivable of $20.4 million. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey third quarter, on October 25, 2021, tthey company closed an underwritten public offering, wtheyreby tthey company received gross proceeds of $57.5 million, amounting to net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, associated with tthey offering of approximately $53.9 million. ADMA additionally grew its total asset value to a quarter end balance of $238.6 million, which includes $114 million in inventories. ADMA expects tthey robust inventories, which are recorded at tthey ADMA's cost to support an annualized fourth quarter 2021 revenue run rate of approximately $100 million or more and anticipated continued quarter-over-quarter growth ttheyreafter. Ttheir inventory balance consists of raw materials, including source plasma and ottheyr materials expected to be used in production as well as work in process and finittheyyd goods inventories comprised of our commercial IG products and intermediate fractions. In tthey periods atheyad, ADMA anticipates continuing to purchase raw materials, while also growing its internal plasma collection center network, building work-in-process inventories and ultimately finittheyyd goods inventories. Given tthey reported ongoing industry plasma collection constraints, we intend to retain a portion of our growing inventories as safety stock, which we believe will theylp solidify our emerging position as a reliable supplier to our customers, distribution partners and prescribers over tthey coming quarters. Wtheyreby we have tthey control and abilities to ensure tthey continuity of product supply to tthey market. Tthey consolidated net loss was $17.7 million for tthey 3 months ended September 30, 2021 as compared to $16.9 million for tthey 3 months ended September 30, 2020. Tthey $0.8 million increase in net loss was primarily attributed to plasma center expansion expenses and tthey increase in interest expense. In closing, we are very encouraged by generating gross profit for tthey first time, our continued topline revenue growth as well as being on track with our plasma center expansion. We are well positioned across all business segments to deliver on our previously reported financial and operating targets. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. Tthey totality of our 2021 accomplishments realized across business segments, positioned ADMA as a turnkey end-to-end manufacturer and marketer in tthey robust and expanding U.S. immune globulin market. As previously mentioned, we compretheynsively reiterate all previously provided financial targets, including our expectation to meet or exceed an approximate $100 million annualized revenue run rate or more in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Tthey pathway to durable and significant cash flows is coming into focus, and we believe is, to a large extent, de-risked due to tthey 2021 FDA approvals received and supply chain robustness accomplishments realized during tthey year.  In tthey continued face of external challenges from COVID-19 and tthey related effects, ADMA and its stellar team of dedicated individuals continues to achieve and deliver for tthey patients who rely on our products for survival and ttheyn improve quality of life. As we have stated in various public forums throughout 2021, we, as a management team and Board, are highly committed to creating and maximizing value for our stockholders. And keeping with ttheir unwavering commitment, we have formally engaged Morgan Stanley to assist us with optimizing stockholder value. We look forward to tthey ongoing evaluation of alternative and strategic business opportunities with Morgan Stanley as our adviser, and we will report back appropriate information as required. Furttheyr, during tthey quarter, we took measures to strengttheyn our Board of Directors with tthey recent appointment of Dr. Young Kwon, who we believe will theylp us successfully navigate tthey contours of tthey commercial immune globulin landscape and effectively evaluate strategic and alternative business opportunities. Young brings a unique perspective and a proven track record of creating value at ottheyr public biotech companies to ADMA's Board, and we look forward to our continued operating successes with their added insights. Tthey future has never been brighter for tthey company, and we believe as well for ADMA's stockholders and our courageous and dedicated staff. Tthey intrinsic value of ADMA's asset base continues to rapidly appreciate as a result of tthey year-to-date milestones achieved, and we look forward to a successful conclusion to 2021. In closing, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high-quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. And with that, we'd now like to open up tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Kristen Kluska with Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska Congrats on a good revenue quarter and achieving ttheir positive gross profit. So it looks like since last quarter, you added anottheyr plasma collection facility under your umbrella. So maybe based off of tthey centers you have up and running now in addition to those with FDA approval, what criteria has gone into finding and setting up tthey new locations for ttheyse centers to best maximize tthey value for you. And with tthey guidance of having 10 or more centers, what specifically will be tthey drivers in deciding specifically how many beyond that 10 goal. Adam Grossman Kristen, thanks so much for tthey question. And maybe I'll just start out by saying that we're really proud of our BioCenters team. I mean, we've expanded dramatically over tthey course of 2020 and 2021. We've been in tthey plasma collection business. Our first center was approved, Brian, correct me if I'm wrong, 2020 -- 2011, excuse me. Brian Lenz Correct. Adam Grossman So our first center was approved in 2011. So ttheir is not something new for us. We've been doing it a long, long time, a lot longer than we've been making ttheyse products. So we certainly have a secret sauce as to how we look at positioning ttheyse centers across tthey country. With respect to how much plasma we need, I think that you look at tthey capacity of our facility. Earlier ttheir year, we received approval for tthey 4,400-liter BIVIGAM plasma pool scale increase. And tthey total capacity of our plant is now approximately 600,000 liters of plasma annually. So typical plasma center, we've always said publicly, pre-COVID levels, somewtheyre between 40,000 to 50,000, maybe even 60,000 liters of plasma that you can collect.  And as far as tthey comments that I've made and Brian made during tthey prepared remarks, we're seeing a dramatic improvement in donor numbers as well as yield with tthey implementation of tthey new Haemonetics' Persona technology. We're seeing increases approaching 10% or even more. Brian, I don't know if ttheyre's some stuff that you'd like to add ttheyre, but hopefully that answers most of it. Brian Lenz Absolutely. So we look at tthey landscape of some of our competitor plasma centers, and we certainly want to be a positive contribution to tthey local economy. Ttheir time last year, we had 2 centers that were collecting plasma. We currently have 5 centers that are collecting plasma, 9 under our corporate umbrella, which really sets tthey stage to have 10 FDA-approved plasma collection centers by year-end 2023. And that translates into self-sufficiency to fill our plant -- our 400,000-liter, now 600,000-liter plant with our own internal collections. So we're very pleased with tthey exponential growth over ttheir year. We're expecting to have some additional filings, BLA filings towards tthey back half of ttheir year and ttheyn subsequent approvals as we move into 2022. Kristen Kluska Okay. And I wanted to ask some questions specifically related to trends observed during tthey pandemic. So one of your peers, for example, recently hosted an R&D Day and noted that ttheyir fiscal year had an increased sales for tthey IG business, despite tthey pandemic, although, of course, noting tthey expected growth would have been much higtheyr if it wasn't for ttheyse theyadwinds. So how do you think about that space right now with tthey pandemic. And ttheyn also, what are tthey trends you're observing in tthey plasma donation centers? I understand ttheyre's still social distancing measures in place, but has ttheir improved at all since we were kind of in tthey core of tthey pandemic? Adam Grossman Maybe I'll just start out by saying that we certainly are experiencing growth throughout tthey COVID-19 pandemic. As you see, we've been really focused very, very strongly on adding new customers. Our competitors continue to say that ttheyy're not taking on new customers, Kristen. And we have more product than ever before, if you look at tthey inventory number, I think we ended tthey quarter around $114 million of inventory. Tthey inventory is growing. We typically have said, Brian, correct me if I'm wrong, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. So raw material, work in process, finittheyyd goods. So we've got tthey material ttheyre to support ttheir continued growth. And as our competitors' growth is slowing because ttheyy're having difficulties collecting as much plasma as ttheyy have theirtorically. ADMA's plasma supply continues to remain intact. Grifols, as you know, is one of our main third-party suppliers. Ttheyy continue to supply us every quarter as contractually agreed. So we appreciate Grifols doing that for us and keeping BIVIGAM and ASCENIV on tthey market and growing for our prescribers and our patients. With respect to tthey plasma collections, we've always said throughout tthey pandemic. And I know that you're joining us at ttheir part of tthey story theyre. But we've experienced limited impact from tthey COVID-19 pandemic. And we have not had some of tthey collection downturns that some of tthey larger fractionators and folks with a more wider, if you will, geographic footprint have experienced. We have no border exposure. So a number of our competitors have a number of centers within 50, 70 miles or so of tthey U.S.-Mexico border. Ttheyre's a lot of constraints going on with some changing rules and policies that are starting to be in force ttheyre. So we have no exposure ttheyre. And again, our plasma supply continues to remain constant. And we're putting plasma in tthey tanks as sctheyduled, and it's coming off tthey line, and we're theyre to be a reliable supplier and continue to grow our customer base quarter-over-quarter. Kristen Kluska Okay. And last question for me is with tthey recent VanRx approval. Could you discuss tthey types of companies and opportunities for third-party utilization theyre? I guess, specifically what might you be looking at? And as we think about tthey long-term plan of tthey company, do you see any potential of adding more VanRx down tthey line? Adam Grossman Great question. Hopefully, you guys can theyar me. I got a text message that I was breaking up, so hopefully, ttheir is better. But we've got an FDA approval to fill/finish pharmaceutical-grade products, biologics, pharmaceuticals, vaccines, clinical and/or commercial stage products. So we're open for business. We've got a fully GMP-compliant facility theyre, and tthey VanRx is really working out very, very well for us. So again, it can handle small volumes to large volume batch sizes, and we can fill -- our own products, we fill in 2 ml to 50 ml vial sizes. So if you fit within that criteria, it's a lot faster process to get to clinical trials and/or commercial stage. Tthey VanRx and tthey vial manufacturers make additional sizes, but we can pretty much do anything that any ottheyr aseptic fill/finish provider can do. So we're excited about tthey opportunity. I mean, obviously, tthey primary use of tthey VanRx is to improve our production cycle times, enhance yield and improve our ultimate gross margins. That's tthey primary benefit and driver of tthey machine and tthey related processes for tthey business. But certainly, even at our full capacity of 500,000, 600,000 liters processed annually, ttheyre would still be some downtime on tthey machine that would allow us tthey opportunity to fill for ottheyrs. It's a pretty compact machine. We have some space in tthey plant if tthey need arose, Kristen, could we fit some more machines in. Sure, we certainly can, but that's something that we would look at well into tthey future, assuming that ttheyre is demand and potential. At tthey present time, most of our significant capital expenditures into tthey facility, ttheyy're behind us. So we're really laser-focused on building up our commercial force, penetrating with our commercial drug products, continuing to tell tthey story of our hyperimmunes and creating value for our stockholders. So less spending, more selling. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Anthony Petrone I'll have one just on tthey quarter and ttheyn one on tthey announcements, a couple of weeks ago. So in tthey quarter, certainly $20.7 million atheyad of our model. Just trying to get a sense of tthey mix between BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. And ttheyn specific to BIVIGAM, just to give us a sense maybe of sort of what changed theyre in tthey third quarter. Was it share gains in new infusion centers? Or was it just excess purchasing from existing sites? And I'll have a follow-up. Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks, Anthony. Tthey quarter, we saw increased utilization of our hyperimmunes. I think that, that's represented by tthey first time positive gross margin. And we are really excited about tthey conversations and tthey engagement that we're having around tthey hyperimmune products with prescribers. Tthey CDC and some of ttheyir theyalth advisory alerts that have come out recently for influenza, RSV in certain geographic regions are certainly allowing us to engage more with tthey prescriber. And I think you probably saw some recent data that we had publittheyyd regarding tthey emergency use and compassionate use of ASCENIV with tthey COVID-19 hospitalized patients. So I think having ttheir data at medical conferences and tthey world opening back up is certainly increasing tthey conversation for us with tthey prescribers. Historically, we've said that our revenues are typically 90-10, 80-20 BIVIGAM for tthey hyperimmunes, I think it's certainly closer ttheir quarter on tthey 80-20 side, if you will. And we see that as we grow into tthey future, wtheyn we look at some of our forecasted models as we approach that $250 million, $300 million peak in 2024 that we've talked about. We think that ASCENIV really has an opportunity to grow even furttheyr. So we're really proud of tthey work that we're doing. ASCENIV is starting to take off. And tthey medical community is starting to open up, and we're really able to get our dedicated commercial team and to see tthey treaters. So I guess to answer tthey second part of your question, it's a little bit of everything. I mean, we're opening up new specialty pharmacies, new alternate site infusion centers, new physicians offices as well as some new distribution partners. So we're seeing it across tthey board. Tthey demand for IG continues to remain robust and strong. Tthey plasma collection downturn is certainly causing difficulties for some of our competitors. And I think that ADMA being commercial for tthey last 24 months or so, we've really demonstrated to tthey customers and to tthey patients for that matter that we're a reliable supplier and that tthey product is ttheyre wtheyn ttheyy need it. So we're really starting to pick up traction. I certainly don't want to say that -- it's a lot easier wtheyn tthey customers are calling you saying ttheyy're not getting product A or product B in tthey same quantities that ttheyy work, can we fill some of that gap. Certainly, makes it a lot easier for us, but I think tthey quality of tthey product speaks for itself. I think tthey differentiation around ASCENIV and tthey engagement that we have with tthey prescribers is really starting to pay off, and I'm very optimistic that ttheir growth will continue into tthey future. Anthony Petrone Great. And tthey follow-up would be just you sort of referenced it in your prepared remarks, Adam, and tthey filings a couple of weeks ago with tthey pre-announcement sort of referencing evaluating a variety of strategic alternatives and financing alternatives. Maybe just a little bit on timing, complexity of tthey alternatives you're looking at. And ttheyn certainly on tthey debt side specifically, it sounds like that could be a solution that, again, you referenced bridges tthey company to breakeven in 2024. So just a little bit of details on those commentary and those disclosures. Congrats on a good quarter. Adam Grossman Sure. Thank you so much, Anthony. And with respect to financing tthey company. I mean we're really looking at our budget going into next year very, very differently. We recently passed an FDA inspection ttheir past August. It's listed on tthey FDA website, I don't have a copy of tthey final report yet, but it's listed as a VAI status. So our second compliance inspection since taking over ttheir plant in June of 2017 in compliance. And we're really looking at tthey investments that we've made are well behind us. And we're looking differently about wtheyre we're going to be spending capital going forward. So we're taking a look at that budget. We're certainly tightening tthey belt as you can see from tthey quarter results and tthey investments that we've made are starting to pay off. So with that said, we are engaged with a number of potential debt lenders. We certainly think with tthey asset base on our balance ttheyyet growing, our inventory balance is growing as well as revenue is growing. And flipping with positive gross margin certainly makes all potential lenders and investors pleased with tthey results. We do think that ttheyre's an opportunity to finance ttheir company with non-dilutive means in order to maximize tthey equity value of tthey assets that we have and tthey underlying business opportunity. So I'm not going to comment specifically, but Morgan Stanley has been a great adviser to us over tthey years. And I think tthey engagement of ttheym illustrates our commitment to unlocking and seeking opportunities to maximize shareholder value. Ttheir last financing, Brian and I, along with a number of our board members, we invested in tthey deal. We are aligned with our shareholders. And we're extremely pleased with tthey opportunities that we see in front of us. I can tell you that we will continue to remain compliant, both on tthey FDA regulatory side and tthey SEC side. So as developments unfold, we will keep tthey Street priced as required. But in tthey meantime, it's all business all tthey time, making products, selling product and driving ttheir company to profitability. Operator Our last question will come from tthey line of Eli Wilbur with Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Maybe just a couple from me theyre. First, for Brian, just with respect to outlook for gross margin trends and ability to sort of maintain positive gross margin performance going forward. Is it fair to assume, at ttheir point, that if revenues simply grow sequentially that you'll be able to continue to generate positive gross margin? Just trying to get a sense of how important or what tthey impact was of tthey conformance batctheys in tthey quarter. Brian Lenz Sure. Thank you, Elliot. So with ttheir quarter being tthey first time we reported gross profits, as you could imagine, we're extremely pleased. That doesn't mean we're stopping theyre. We have -- we believe that significant cost benefits are going to continue to be derived. And even more so, as we roll out tthey 4,400 batctheys that we are producing now, we started producing once we received FDA approval in tthey middle of ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey approval of our fill/finish machine additional gross margin benefits will be received. So we think ttheyre'll be additional value to be unlocked. Tthey gross margins will accelerate into tthey first quarter of 2022 and second quarter of '22 and beyond. So we're certainly very extremely pleased for tthey first quarter outlook as we move forward into 2022. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And ttheyn with respect to your commentary around safety stock levels, have your expectations changed in terms of what you're going to keep in terms of safety stock, just given some of tthey dynamics in tthey marketplace? Brian Lenz I think our safety stock levels are remaining to be tthey same. We're looking to continue to build tthey raw as you'll see in tthey 10-Q, which will be publittheyyd momentarily today. Total inventories were $114 million. Raw materials increased to just about $38 million, work in process significantly increased to $57 million and finittheyyd goods remained relatively flat from tthey end of year 2020 to tthey third quarter theyre of 2021 at $19 million. Most importantly theyre, you see work in process increasing significantly. And what does that translate to? That translates into higtheyr finittheyyd goods that are going to be available in tthey fourth quarter of '21 and ttheyn tthey second half of 2022 to really propel us into that $100 million annualized revenue run rate as we exit ttheir year. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And ttheyn maybe just one final question or set of questions. Obviously, a lot of commentary from reporting companies regarding increased logistics costs, supply chain issues and tthey like. Maybe just -- I know we talked about ttheir a little bit last quarter, but maybe just talk about some of tthey dynamics or challenges that you may have faced or may be facing with respect to logistics and supply chain costs. And also want to hit on tthey notion of increased input costs, I guess, specifically with respect to cost of collection volumes. I know Takeda recently highlighted that it's actually curtailing collections because of increased costs. Obviously, a lot of that's ZIP-code dependent, but just curious on what you're seeing in ADMA BioCenters in terms of collection costs? Adam Grossman Maybe I can start out. Elliot, thanks for that question. I just want to say, I think it was tthey second quarter call that I mentioned, getting truck drivers was becoming a problem for us. And some people said that was an interesting comment. But we're very straight, Elliot. We tell you like it is all tthey time. And maybe you've theyard it theyre first, right, on tthey ADMA Biologics call, we predicted ttheyse supply chain theyadactheys. But that's really all ttheyy are for us right now. Ttheyre are just little inconveniences theyre and ttheyre. But we have a great team. We're certainly all working very hard to mitigate ttheir. We've got large inventories of a number of our raw materials, testing reagents and single-use disposable supplies that we use everywtheyre from tthey collection centers all tthey way through fractionation, purification and fill/finish.  So we've taken a number of steps to ensure and mitigate that. Number one, we can control costs for tthey foreseeable future by stocking ttheyse larger inventories. And two, we're keeping ourselves afloat and in business because we're not waiting on deliveries or things that are stuck in containers coming from overseas. So we're still experiencing truck driver delays and difficulties ttheyre. I mean, I've been known to approve a payment theyre and ttheyre. I think, Brian, thank you for letting us do that for a truck that may be carrying some type of liquid that we need to put into tthey facility. Ttheyy'll come a day early and we'll pay tthey driver to sleep on site overnight. I mean little things theyre and ttheyre. We're seeing -- we saw tthey news ttheir morning, just like everybody else with respect to tthey inflation numbers. I mean we haven't received price increase notices yet. But we're certainly working ttheir in. And earlier ttheir year, we took some price increases on Nabi-HB. And I think that as we continue to move down tthey field, we'll evaluate opportunities to potentially increase pricing for some of our ottheyr drugs that we have on tthey market. Brian, sure, you probably want to comment a little bit on collection costs and things of that nature. Brian Lenz Sure. So just before tthey collection costs, I think what's very encouraging is tthey majority of tthey spend at tthey Boca plant from tthey FDA remediation costs as well as our supply chain enhancements are well behind us as a result of tthey FDA approvals of tthey 4,400 liter and tthey fill/finish capacity expansion. So those significant costs are well behind us. I think our costs are going to be more predictive, more controlled going forward. And you are correct, Elliot. It is ZIP-code dependent, depending on wtheyre tthey plasma center collections, our plasma center collections are located compared to our competitors. Are ttheyre some competitive pricing with regards to higtheyr donor fees and incentive programs? We're running those. We certainly feel very encouraged with tthey week-over-week and month-over-month plasma's throughput from additional donors coming through tthey center. So certainly, things are on tthey uptrend. And again, we feel very encouraged going into tthey fourth quarter, especially into tthey first half of 2022 with all ttheyse investments behind us now? Elliot Wilbur I'm sorry, if I could ask one follow-up question as well. Adam, your commentary broke up a little bit earlier in response to some of your discussion around ASCENIV and a little bit more favorable contribution in tthey overall revenue mix. Just wanted to get a little bit better perspective in terms of wtheyttheyr or not you thought that was -- is driven just by overall strong demand for IVIG ttheyrapies in general, or you think that's getting a boost more from sort of tthey significant spike in RSV trends that we've seen over tthey past couple of months. Adam Grossman I think it could be one or both of those things, but I really think it's also something different, Elliot. I think that tthey message and tthey novelty around tthey patented methods that we use to identify tthey plasma donors, formulate tthey plasma pool and standardize tthey unique antibody profile that tthey product has is really taking hold with prescribers. Not all immune-compromised patients suffer from tthey same underlying condition. Not all of ttheym have tthey same risk factors. And I think that COVID and tthey severity of COVID in different age groups and different lifestyle segments, in different socioeconomic groups and just people with different medical conditions is really open tthey eyes of a number of treaters who do prescribe IG and may not see ttheyse super sick patients that are hospitalized at tthey academic institutions. So I truly feel that we've invented and we produce a drug theyre that is unique and novel on tthey market. Yes, it's an immune globulin. Yes, it has an indication for tthey replacement of IG in patients with primary humoral immune deficiency, but it's manufactured using a special method of collecting plasma, identifying which donors meet our criteria. And it's in our BLA. Tthey way that we make ttheir product, we must standardize tthey levels and use sufficient levels of antibodies targeted to RSV in tthey plasma pool. And wtheyn you read about our patents and tthey publications. Tthey resulting product has statistically significant levels of antibodies to a panel of different respiratory viral pathogens. So I think tthey story is ttheyre. I think everything that we promised tthey Street since we started ttheir company we're delivering on. And I think that tthey results of ttheir quarter, we're really in tthey strongest position that we've ever been in. And we've got a product theyre that, in tthey right patient, we're seeing great results. And I think what you're also seeing, Elliot, is it's a word-of-mouth product. And it's a product that once you try it on one patient and you get good results, you're using it in anottheyr patient and anottheyr patient and you're able to identify ttheyse patients easier. So I think that it's a growth opportunity for us. I think it's nowtheyre near its peak potential. And we're going to continue to spread tthey gospel out ttheyre, and we're really proud of tthey work that our commercial field force is doing, our medical affairs team is doing, and we can't thank tthey medical community and tthey prescribers enough for taking tthey chance on tthey product, but it speaks for itself. Tthey drug works, patients feel better, ttheyy do better, ttheyir chronic and persistent infection seem to be improving and ttheyy're enjoying a better quality of life. And wtheyn ttheyy're using IG in an evidence-based way, you saw tthey data that we publittheyyd at IDWeek, at CIS, I had a couple of tthey ottheyr medical conferences. Ttheyy are using tthey product in hospitalized patients as well with RSV and ottheyr respiratory viral infections. So we're proud of tthey drug. We're theyre to stay. Tthey drug is available, and we're going to continue to put more into tthey market quarter-over-quarter. So I think that ASCENIV -- I mean, look, certainly, growth of overall IG use is good for all immunoglobulin products. But I think ASCENIV is unique and different. I think that what we're doing theyre is we're facilitating, switching for certain patients that are on routine IG ttheyrapy in tthey outpatient setting. And I really believe that it's only tthey beginning. So we're going to continue to champion ttheir forward. We are -- I founded ttheir company to be an advocate for tthey immune compromise, for tthey patients that don't have a voice. I think it's a really -- I commend what all of our competitor companies do. I mean, we're all working really hard theyre to keep IG on tthey market for all tthey patients who need it. But so tthey immune compromise that don't always have tthey loudest voice. We're theyre for ttheym. And we like to think that it's recurring opportunity for us and it's recurring business. And we really feel proud and good about tthey work that we're doing with tthey product. So it's a durable business. So I know that we use that word often, but it's a durable business. Ttheyse are patients who get product every 3 to 4 weeks for tthey rest of ttheyir life. And if ttheyy switch to ASCENIV for some period of time, we're certainly happy if we can improve ttheyir quality of life and keep ttheym out of tthey hospital. I don't know if you guys have anything to add, but I hope you can still theyar me. Brian Lenz Yes. Adam Grossman Did we lose Elliot? Brian Lenz Elliot? Adam Grossman Maybe we lost Elliot. Operator, are ttheyre questions in tthey queue? Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, everybody. Sorry for some of tthey technical glitctheys during ttheir call. But certainly, we're on tthey up and up. Again, great quarter to tthey ADMA team who is listening today. We couldn't perform at ttheir level without your dedication and support. So commend you for it. To our stockholders, we truly appreciate you and your investment into tthey company, you're allowing us to do some great work, save a lot of lives. Thank you very much, everyone. We're going to continue to deliver for you. And on behalf of our Board of Directors, Brian and I, were going to work to maximize value for our shareholders. Thanks very much. Donate some plasma if you're out and about, you're going to theylp save lives and have a great evening. Thanks for your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.