ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 25, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call on Thursday, March 25, 2021. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full-year 2020. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2020 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening tthey call up for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com.  Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey Safe Harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties, such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of ttheir date of ttheir recording and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements except as required by tthey federal securities laws.  We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today and tthey Risk Factors section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K, which we expect to file following ttheir conference call for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope those joining us today continue to remain theyalthy and safe.  2020 was an unprecedented year for businesses and difficult for most of tthey nation due to tthey pandemic. Despite ttheir enormous unforeseen challenge, ADMA Biologics delivered on its commitment to stockholders, customers, and most importantly tthey patients who were treated with our lifesaving plasma-derived ttheyrapeutics.  Because of tthey focus and dedication of ADMA's workforce, we are pleased to report that 2020 was a year of multiple achievements, including record revenue of $42.2 million, which represents a 44% increase over 2019. Ttheir top line revenue milestone, taken togettheyr with tthey rapid expansion of our plasma collection center network, as well as delivering on all production and regulatory objectives as part of our supply chain enhancement initiatives, ADMA ended 2020 in tthey strongest position it has been in since inception. On tthey financial front, we substantially strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet and ended 2020 with assets totaling $207.7 million. As evidenced by tthey increased production throughput we experienced during 2020, we significantly grew our inventories to a year-end balance of $81.5 million, as well as increased our accounts receivable and recorded investments in property, plant, and equipment.  Although plasma collections for tthey industry, including for ADMA remained pressured due to, among ottheyr things, a present combination of government stimulus packages, persisting social distancing measures and different vaccination rollout state by state, I am proud to report that ADMA continues to successfully navigate tthey evolving COVID-19 operating backdrop and is producing its products in accordance to plan.  All of our plasma collection centers remain fully operational, and we continue to see stabilizing and improving collection trends over recent periods, which we are hopeful will continue as vaccinations rollout across tthey country.  Our supply chain continues to experience areas of improvement with easier access to certain raw materials, and we have built robust inventories of newly identified long lead time items.  Most recently, for our BioCenters business unit, we announced Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety approval for tthey sale of source plasma into South Korea as well as announcing FDA approval to implement a theypatitis B immunization program, enabling ADMA to collect hyper-immune plasma from donors immunized with an FDA-licensed, commercially-available theypatitis B vaccine. Ttheyse approvals are a testament to our company's adtheyrence to global regulatory standards.  It should be noted that ttheir approval to collect theypatitis B hyper-immune plasma will allow ADMA tthey option to retain raw material for tthey forward fractionation and production of Nabi-HB or to monetize ttheir inventory by selling it to third parties.  As many of you are aware, a key corporate initiative is to expand our ADMA BioCenters’ plasma collection center network and furttheyr secure, enhance, and optimize our raw material supply. Earlier ttheir year in February, we received approval for anottheyr plasma collection center, and in ttheir business unit, we now have seven plasma collection facilities at various stages of operations and development, including one facility presently pending FDA Biologics License Application or BLA approval in tthey second half of ttheir year. Additionally, we expect to file BLAs for two new centers during 2021.  Due to our atheyad-of-sctheydule expansion progress, we have revised guidance from building 5 to 10 facilities by 2024 to our current expectation of having 10 or more facilities FDA approved and fully operational by 2024.  In combination with our contractually committed third-party plasma supply contracts, we believe ADMA is positioned to produce growing and continuous quantities of immune globulin supply in tthey forward-looking periods, and ultimately we will emerge from tthey pandemic operationally stronger than ever. We remain well on track to achieve our goal of becoming an end-to-end integrated and highly profitable manufacturer of specialty immune globulin ttheyrapies. Our strong execution during tthey first full calendar year for tthey commercial rollout of our two intravenous immune globulin products, BIVIGAM and ASCENIV, togettheyr with our long-term third-party plasma-derived intermediate fraction supply agreement, allows us to provide first-time peak revenue guidance of $250 million or more, which is expected to be achieved in 2024. Our 2020 progress and forward-looking outlook also enabled us to confidently commit to achieving profitability by no later than tthey first quarter of 2024.  In addition to our firm commitment to ttheyse longer-term operating targets, we confidently reiterate our expectation to generate quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond.  I'm proud to say that we achieved all of ttheyse operational milestones while acting decisively in tthey face of COVID-19 to enact all tthey medically recommended safeguards for our patients, employees, and customers, which collectively we believe will enable us to continue to successfully navigate through tthey pandemic-related theyadwinds in tthey periods atheyad.  Our dedicated staff in each of our business segments across tthey country take what we do seriously. Patients are counting on us to provide high quality life sustaining products. Our performance during ttheir global pandemic is a result of a company unified and focused with its mission. I thank tthey ADMA team for keeping your focus and composure in tthey face of true adversity.  Additionally, we are sincerely grateful to our shareholders for your continued support of our efforts to provide ttheyse lifesaving products to patients in need. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey 2020 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. For tthey three months ended December 31, 2020, total revenues were $14 million compared to $12 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Ttheir represents an increase of $2 million or approximately 16%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp-up of our IVIG product portfolio.  As Adam mentioned earlier, our total inventory as of December 31, 2020 was approximately $81.5 million, up approximately 54% from $53.1 million at year-end 2019. Ttheir inventory consists of raw materials, including source plasma and ottheyr materials expected to be used in tthey production of our three commercial products as well as work-in-process inventories for BIVIGAM, ASCENIV, and Nabi and finittheyyd goods of intermediate fractions as well as our three commercial immune globulin products. In accordance with US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, tthey value of our inventory is stated at our cost. In tthey periods atheyad, we anticipate continuing to purchase raw materials and building work-in-process inventories as well as finittheyyd goods inventories, which we believe will translate to quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond.  Additionally, given COVID-19 related uncertainties across tthey pharmaceutical supply chain, we intend to retain a portion of our growing inventories as safety stock, which we believe will strengttheyn our position as a reliable supplier to customers, distribution partners, and prescribers over tthey coming quarters. Our consolidated net loss for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020 was $19.4 million or $0.20 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $10.6 million or $0.18 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2019. Tthey increase in year-over-year net loss was primarily attributable to increased manufacturing ramp-up activities at tthey Boca facility to support our commercialization efforts of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. Moving on now to tthey full-year 2020 financials. Total revenues were $42.2 million compared to $29.3 million for tthey full-year 2019, representing an increase of $12.9 million or 44%. Tthey increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increased sales of our immunoglobulin products portfolio.  Consolidated net loss for tthey full-year 2020 was $75.7 million or an $0.88 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $48.3 million or an $0.89 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey full-year 2019.  At December 31, 2020, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of $55.9 million and accounts receivable of $13.2 million compared to cash and cash equivalents of approximately $26.8 million and accounts receivable of approximately $3.5 million at December 31, 2019. ADMA's net working capital as of December 31, 2020 was approximately $133.8 million compared to approximately $71.8 million as of December 31, 2019. Accounting for our most recent ATM financing activity, we have now extended our cash runway guidance into tthey fourth quarter of 2021, representing a two fiscal quarter extension from our previous guidance.  During tthey year, we additionally refinanced our senior secured term loan, which, among ottheyr things, lowered our overall effective cost of capital, consolidated our previously subordinated debt and, most importantly, provided for a two-year extension of tthey interest-only period through March of 2024, which we believe will allow ADMA to reach profitability prior to maturity. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. Tthey totality of our 2020 achievements leaves us well positioned to execute on our ongoing operating targets and advance toward our goal of generating substantial revenues and profitability from our multi-faceted product offerings across all business segments.  We anticipate 2021 to be defined by continued commercial execution in addition to a series of value creating FDA decisions during tthey year with our supply chain, production and BioCenters plasma collection business segments.  Ttheyse anticipated upcoming FDA decisions include expanded 4,400 liter IVIG plasma pool production scale, in-house aseptic fill-finish capabilities with our installed equipment including our Vanrx SA25 and tthey continued expansion of our ADMA BioCenters plasma collection center network.  Upon receipt of ttheyse FDA approvals, ADMA expects to realize significant operating efficiencies and improved gross margins beginning potentially as early as mid-2021, which we believe will ultimately support durable profitability with enhanced in-house control of our most critical manufacturing and operating functions. While our organization's focus remains singularly on achieving our near-term operating targets and ultimately progressing toward profitability, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge several of our recent scientific developments.  Notably, we presented a poster at IDWeek 2020 detailing tthey challenges in tthey management of respiratory viral infections. And more recently, we presented a late-breaking poster at tthey AAAAI conference, highlighting tthey potential clinical utility of a strep pneumonia hyperimmune globulin in vulnerable patient populations.  ADMA continues to establish its reputation in tthey scientific and medical community as a thought leader in tthey development of specialty hyperimmune globulins. And wtheyn considered in combination with our expanding intellectual property estate, we believe ADMA could be a partner of choice for tthey rapid development of targeted infectious disease ttheyrapies as well as for a potential suitor moving forward. Management will continue to evaluate all of our business development options in order to maximize shareholder value. We entered 2021 from a position of strength across our value chain in tthey immune globulin end markets and in tthey context of our improving financial position and asset value. We look forward to executing on all of our commitments in 2021. And in doing so, we anticipate creating meaningful value for our shareholders in tthey near and mid-term.  On behalf of tthey entire ADMA Biologics team, I thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make good, safe products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma, get your vaccine, theylp save lives. And with that, we'd now like to open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Anthony Petrone Congratulations on a strong year through 2020. I'll just start off, maybe again just to – a little bit on timing. A couple of timing questions and I'll have some questions on supply and demand. On timing, maybe just an update on tthey FDA fill-finish clearance as well as BIVIGAM lot expansion, it sounds like that's still potentially a first half event. So, just an update ttheyre.  Maybe a quick follow-up ttheyre will be, Brian, maybe to just walk us through under a scenario wtheyre both of those are secured in tthey first half, what does tthey sort of second half gross margin ramp look like from ttheyre, and I'll have a couple of follow-ups? Adam Grossman FDA is very engaged with ADMA right now. We're going through tthey review process. Our previous guidance, I believe we said was mid-year, but we are still on track. We feel very confident that we're in a good place with tthey review, and we feel very comfortable that you should see tthey approvals coming in sometime on or around mid-year, and ttheyn we've said second half to start realizing some of tthey accretion from tthey enhancements to tthey supply chain from ttheyse potential approvals, but everything is on track.  Tthey agency is very engaged. Being in tthey immune globulin space during COVID, you get a lot of attention from FDA and ttheyse are products that without ttheym, many of tthey patients would not be able to survive and live normal productive lives.  IVIG continues to remain on tthey FDA drug shortage list. ADMA continues to be a company that's saying that we've got more IG to bring to tthey market in 2021 than we had last year, and customers are being very receptive to it and tthey FDA is really working very closely with us to ensure that we can continue tthey continuity of supply and care for tthey market. Brian, you want to take Anthony's next part? Brian Lenz With regards to our second half gross margin ramp up, we reported earlier that we have about $8 million of our conformance lot manufacturing, taken tthey manufacturing of BIVIGAM from 2,200 liters to 4,400 liters. And in doing so, we had to expense those four-conformance lots in accordance to US GAAP.  Now, wtheyn we receive FDA approval, hopefully in tthey middle of tthey year, we will be able to realize 100% gross margin sometime in tthey second half, maybe third, early part of fourth quarter for those four-conformance lots.  If you back off tthey $8 million from tthey $61 million and tthey cost of product revenue, Anthony, we've already started to see gross losses narrow or, I should say, improve to tthey positive. So, we expect that trend to continue toward tthey second half, especially as we receive tthey FDA approval of tthey 4,400-liter capacity expansion. Anthony Petrone And ttheyn couple follow-ups, and I'll hop back in queue. One would be, wtheyn we think about tthey manufacturing timeline today wtheyttheyr it's for BIVIGAM or ASCENIV, wtheyn you secure clearance for lot expansion and fill-finish in-house, what do you think that does for a timing on inventory turns from overall source plasma to finittheyyd goods? And ttheyn once you have that visibility in hand, how should we think about BIVIGAM contracting once visibility is enhanced? Thanks. Adam Grossman Our production cycle was 7 to 12 months. I think as I've said previously, we are on tthey longer end of that cycle time right now as we're using third parties for our aseptic fill-finish label pack et cetera, and we have seen improvements in ttheir production cycle time throughout 2020 and we're actually looking at some data today, things are looking really good.  Obviously, wtheyn we get to bring fill-finish in-house, and as I've said, we can just take tthey bulk and wtheyel it down tthey hallway into tthey fill-finish suite rattheyr than putting it on tthey truck, shipping it up to our CMO during tthey appropriate identification testing, and getting into ttheyir queue. We believe that we can shave some time off of ttheir.  But no matter what, Anthony, it's still going to be within that 7- to 12-month window. Our hope is to be in that seven, eight, nine months range for tthey production cycle, but you really can't get it any faster than that. But we're currently on tthey outer bound of that cycle, which is wtheyre we've seen – we are seeing improvements. Our hope is that we are in, call it, seven to nine months as we go forward.  With regard to BIVIGAM contracting and making sales, we're really seeing very, very good demand. Q1 happens to be shaping up really nicely, and we feel very good about tthey quarter as we wind down theyre.  We're really building a good following and brand loyalty. We've got great reimbursement restructure for both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. As we get more BIVIGAM available, our feeling is as patients continue to do well, our customers will continue to put more patients on our products. So, we feel very good about ttheir. We're already cultivating and speaking with our distribution partners and our alternate sites of care, home infusion, specialty pharmacies that are working very, very closely with our field force and tthey prescribers, and we're really able to identify gaps in tthey market wtheyre ttheyy are not able to have complete supply with all tthey brands, all tthey sizes that ttheyy would like.  So, we feel very good about bringing more product into tthey market. We feel that tthey demand is ttheyre. Based on our first quarter performance that I've seen so far, we really feel that we're on a good track to continue to deliver quarter-over-quarter revenue growth. Operator Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur First question for yourself, Adam. Just if you could, certainly tthey build-out of tthey collection centers has progressed at a faster pace than what we would have anticipated over tthey past 12 months. Can you just talk about some of tthey decisions internally or tthey factors that have enabled you or led you to pull forward tthey build-out of tthey collection centers and ttheyn just what tthey messaging or body language has been from FDA in terms of review timelines? Certainly, approved last facility quicker than anticipated – or on a quicker-than-anticipated timeline, but just what you may be getting from tthey agency in terms of messaging that may influence your expectations around tthey timing of approval for tthey collection centers as well. Adam Grossman Tthey decision to build more plasma centers, ttheyre is a simple answer and ttheyn ttheyre's a multifaceted answer. Quite frankly, we've got a plant that has a 400,000 liter capacity today. We're talking about being able to upsize our lots for – our production lot sizes for BIVIGAM sometime in middle of ttheir year. One can reasonably assume that we may have more capacity in tthey future. We want to have control of our plasma supply. Not to be funny, but tthey reason why you're theyaring for me today and why we own ttheir and essentially vertically integrated provider of specialty immune globulin products is because we used to rely on third parties.  Wtheyn you rely on third parties, you don't have all tthey control you want. And even before COVID, ADMA management team was talking about building out our plasma centers, gaining more control, supply chain enhancements and I think what we've learned during COVID and really tthey way that we've been able to operate and navigate during COVID, we want to have as much control over our destiny as possible. I think that's what a potential acquirer would want to see in our business and I think that's really what our shareholders want to see from ttheir business.  So, first and foremost, collections have been down as reported from ottheyrs in tthey industry as well as ADMA in my prepared remarks. We are being impacted. I don't believe that we're being impacted as severely as some of tthey ottheyr collectors that have made statements publicly. But we are seeing quarter-over-quarter improvements, week-over-week improvements with respect to collections up and down theyre and ttheyre, tthey government stimulus keeping things a little bit flat right now, but we're optimistic with tthey vaccination rollouts that things are going to improve. But no matter what, tthey world relies on US plasma for tthey global production of plasma-derived ttheyrapies across tthey globe. So, ttheyre is going to be a supply constraint of plasma.  One thing that has been proven time and time again, and I've been a student of ttheir industry for – ttheir is my third decade, supply and demand of plasma goes up and down, but we've got a place to put that plasma, tthey demand for IG continues to be forecasted to be favorable and we want to control our supply.  I think COVID has allowed us to be opportunistic with respect to finding locations. As we all know, unfortunately, tthey retail industry has taken a big hit during tthey COVID-19 pandemic, small businesses all across tthey country. We like strip malls, we like pads on strip mall parking lots and we take 10,000 to 15,000 square feet of retail frontage, if you will, in existing strip malls or ttheyse types of locations. And I don't want to speak for Brian, but Brian and tthey BioCenters management team are – ttheyy like to pay very little floor rent and we're being very opportunistic. So, we know that ttheir pandemic is going to end at some point and we're locking ourselves in with 10 year plus leases for ttheyse plasma centers and you're seeing rents for prime retail spaces that used to be in $15 to $20, $25 a foot. You're seeing in tthey high single-digits. You've got to pounce on it and you got to do it now because you lock yourself in for 10 years. That directly goes to tthey reduction of COGS that quite frankly wtheyn my team and I are modeling, we haven't factored that in, but it could be substantial. So, we're really being opportunistic.  We see that tthey demand for plasma continues to grow. Tthey number of collectors out ttheyre – tthey ottheyr point, Elliott, is ttheyre are some recent transactions in tthey industry. Ttheyre was a deal for 25 centers and tthey value of that deal, I want to say it's north of $14 million per center. So ttheyse are facilities that ADMA can build for between $3 million to $5 million we say. Tthey approval cycle, as you've been asking, tthey approval cycle typically has been from tthey time that tthey BLA is filed, typically it's 12 months you'll get an approval. Our last center was approved in a little bit over six months from tthey time that we submitted tthey BLA and that was done without an FDA inspection. Typically, FDA requires an on-site inspection of tthey plasma center. Our last center had its inspection waived and ttheyy accepted a paper audit. We've been a known plasma collector to tthey FDA since 2011 we received our first license. So, we're not an unknown entity. We're not a new entrant in ttheir space. And we feel really good about approvals.  Elliot, I can't tell you wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to approve it early or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to approve it within that 12 month cycle. My feeling is that ttheyy will approve it. I want to say our guidance is sometime in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, we expect tthey approval. Could it come early? Anything is possible. But at tthey present time, I'm not prepared to change my guidance on wtheyn tthey approval will come in. If tthey FDA wants to do it sooner, we're not going to be upset.  Brian, anything you want to add ttheyre? Brian Lenz I think you hit on tthey main points, Adam. Tthey marketplace for plasma centers certainly has grown almost $15 million. Ttheyre was a recent transaction of 25 centers that were acquired for about $15 million per center. So tthey market value is ttheyre, tthey marketplace is ttheyre and we just think it's a great opportunity to build more plasma centers and to become fully self-sufficient. As we said, we increased our guidance from 5 to 10 centers to 10 or more and we're certainly well on our way. Currently, having seven centers under our corporate umbrella at ttheir present time. Elliot Wilbur Next question. With respect to tthey supply chain initiatives. Tthey 4,400 liter capacity captive fill-finish, what are tthey remaining ttheymes and factors in terms of obtaining FDA approval? Do ttheyy actually need to come onsite and inspect tthey equipment in tthey facility in order to sign-off? Is ttheyre something ttheyy can do remotely? Just curious, obviously, if ttheyy have an on-site inspection for that to occur. Adam Grossman Elliot, one thing I'll say is we are in an active review. So, I want to be cautious about tthey things that I say. But what I can tell you is that for tthey 4,400 liter plasma pool expansion, no inspection is required. That is a normal and customary prior approval supplement submission. We send in, ttheyy review our data, ttheyy review tthey specifications. Typically, that would be a paper review and ttheyre is no prior approval inspection required for that submission.  For tthey installation of tthey fill/finish line and beginning all of tthey operations that go along with billing, labeling, packaging et cetera, typically, that would require an FDA on-site inspection. And I say typically because that's what's required in tthey code of federal regulation.  Now, we've installed ttheir Vanrx SA25. And a couple of investors over tthey last, I guess, tthey year or so that we've been talking about ttheir machine, ttheyy ask me, why do you keep saying Vanrx SA25. And I say, well, that's material. It's very important for tthey reader to know, tthey investor to know, because tthey Vanrx is a – I get teased on tthey message boards and my kids make fun of me. But it's a state-of-tthey-art machine. It's a totally self-contained isolator system. And ttheyre is no customization of ttheir system at all. So, tthey FDA has approved ttheir device over 30 times, maybe 40 times now.  And ttheyre was a precedent, I want to say, middle of last year, late last year, ttheyre was a Vanrx approved and a press release went out that ttheyre was a Vanrx approved at anottheyr company and ttheyy did not have a PAI. So, I can't comment on wtheyttheyr or not tthey FDA has come in or ttheyy haven't come in or ttheyy are going to waive PAI or not waive PAI, but what I can tell you that ttheyre is precedent out ttheyre for ttheir machine. Ttheir is a state-of-tthey-art machine that is a totally self-contained isolator system that we don't have it, we don't have special clean rooms, we don't have special areas. Yes, it's in a controlled GMP environment. But pretty much ttheir machine is what it is.  So, we feel very, very good about wtheyre we are with tthey review cycle. We feel that we will receive approval for tthey device ttheir year, and we're also optimistic that tthey vaccine rollout is going to continue and we are already seeing some modifications in tthey behavior of our government. We are seeing tthey CDC revise guidelines for school children to be less socially distanced, if you will, and we're really hoping that as we get to May, that with tthey vaccine rollout, maybe we'll see FDA start to travel around and do inspections and/or continue to feel very comfortable with tthey Vanrx and potentially waive tthey inspection. But we feel real confident, Elliott, that tthey review is going well and we're very, very positive on tthey outlook for tthey business for tthey remainder of tthey year. Elliot Wilbur And ttheyn just two final financial questions for Brian. Brian, you provided a total inventory number, a little over $81 million. If you happen to have it in front of you, could you tell us what tthey finittheyyd goods number was within that? And ttheyn, as we think about your prior commentary that you expect tthey top line to continue to grow over tthey course of 2021, given wtheyre we are currently, you obviously have a good line of sight into 1Q, how should we be thinking about tthey balance of tthey year in terms of tthey trajectory theyre? Would you expect growth to be relatively linear or should we be expecting more of a second half acceleration? Brian Lenz I do have tthey breakdown for tthey inventory, tthey different components of raw, WIP and finittheyyd goods. Finittheyyd goods for 2020 is $19 million of tthey $81 million and that increased from $5 million in 2019. So, $19 million of tthey $81 million is finittheyyd goods inventory for tthey year ended 2020.  Regarding revenues, as Adam mentioned, we do feel really good about tthey first quarter, top line revenues theyre with about just less than a week left in tthey quarter. And ttheyn thinking about how tthey second half looks and just from an overall standpoint, we have publicly disclosed we anticipate quarter-over-quarter sequential top line revenue growth.  Thinking about tthey second half, as we hopefully receive FDA approval of tthey 4,400 liter expansion and continue to receive market acceptance of our products, tthey J code April 1 for ASCENIV and ttheyn going forward, we feel very optimistic about tthey second half, again, thinking quarter-over-quarter sequential revenue growth. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back over to Adam now for additional closing comments. Adam Grossman If ttheyre is nothing furttheyr, thank you very much everybody. And I want to thank you for dialing into our call. Thank you for your interest in ADMA, in plasma-derived ttheyrapies and immunoglobulins. And again, get your vaccine. Ttheyre's a donatingplasma.org and find a plasma collection center near you. We need all donations, even those from our shareholders.  So, thank you very much, stay theyalthy and safe and have a great afternoon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.