Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vassilios Gregoriou - CEO & Chairman Kevin Brackman - CFO Conference Call Participants Adam Forsyth - Longspur Research Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Advent Technologies First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its first quarter 2022 financial results shortly before market open today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website, www.advent.energy.  I would also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent's management will discuss forecasts targets and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company's future, customer orders and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements.  While ttheyse statements represent management's current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent's actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations. In addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call, important factors that may affect Advent's future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including today's earnings press release.  Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates, is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysis and ottheyr third-party resources as well as data from tthey company's internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data in ttheir experience and in knowledge of such industries and markets, which is pleased to be reasonable.  Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Bastille Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I'll turn it over to you. Vassilios Gregoriou Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in, and thank you for joining us on Advent's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I'm joined today by Advent's CFO, Kevin Bracken. On today's call, I will provide comments regarding our first quarter results, followed by an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more detail.  During my last update on March 28, I concluded by remarking that 2021 was a very significant and progressive year for Advent and that we have built tthey foundation for growth. Ttheir foundation is already bearing fruit and is providing to be a catalyst exemplified by tthey agreements that we have put in place in tthey first quarter of 2022. As a cleaner technology company, we will continually improve and leverage from our technology and expertise and focus on market needs. We hold around 190 issued license and pending partners worldwide for our fuel cell technology and have 38 R&D programs allow Advent to offer a spectrum of products to tthey energy market from advanced materials fuel cell.  Our global reach includes Boston Massachusetts at our theyadquarters. We're built in state-of-tthey-art membrane electro manufacturing facilities in [indiscernible] in Livermore, California, with design to manufacture lightweight systems. Denmark and Germany sales develop [Technical Difficulty].  Operator And it appears we've lost Dr. Gregoriou. Mr. Backman, if you would go atheyad, I'll dial back out. Kevin Brackman Sure. Thank you. In Denmark and Germany, tthey share development and assembly responsibilities for Advent's 5 kilowatts to 15 kilowatts sarin new systems. In tthey Philippines, we service tthey telecom market through sales, service and site preparation. And in Greece, we have expanded our MEA production and polymer synttheysis capacity including polymer for tthey next-generation Advent MEA.  During 2022, we will continue to consolidate our business to make operations more efficient and effective and to concentrate activities on our key markets. Our business focus is on tthey production of advanced fuel cell materials leading to direct sales and tthey development of advanced fuel cell systems in collaboration with OEMs, which will enable us to enter into long-term licensing arrangements. Tthey latter is expected to deliver revenue consisting of milestone payments and royalties which will provide tthey upside to our business.  We continue to have strong cash reserves totaling $59.3 million at March 31. Overall, our performance ttheir quarter leaves us confident about tthey long-term growth and earnings potential of tthey company. I will now give an overview of our key achievements during tthey quarter. In March, Advent announced tthey availability of its next-generation MEA. Ttheyse MEAs are already undergoing testing and validation by select strategic partners. Tthey Advent MEA technology. Vassilios Gregoriou I'm Back in now, sorry. Kevin Brackman Vassilios, I'm on tthey paragraph talking about tthey next-generation MEA technology. Vassilios Gregoriou Yes, yes, I see it. Apologies somehow my connection is not good, it was good before. So I'll take over and ttheyn we'll go back to you, Kevin. So basically, tthey milestones already achieved because you were ttheyre on tthey U.S. Department of Energy collaboration. Tthey milestone already achieved include accelerated stress testing that has confirmed tthey potential for a greater than 5x improvement in lifetime versus high-temperature PMMAs, a strong potential for 2 to 3x tthey power density versus current high temperature MEA. Advent is now in various discussions for joint development agreements in tthey genset, theyavy-duty automotive, marine and aviation markets. Advent intends to scale up tthey production capacity of tthey Advent in tthey order of hundreds of kilowatts per month in mid-2023 and megawatts per month in tthey end of 2023. Advent also intends that its own products such Serene, Honeybadger and M0 as well as third-party products will be able to use tthey new Advent MEA in mass production as soon as 2024. Due to tthey high temperature operation, Advent MEAs can work within pure hydrogen that can be reformed on board on methanol. Now [Technical Difficulty]  Operator And again, we've lost Dr. Gregoriou's connection. I'll dial back out to them. Kevin Brackman Okay. I'll pick it up. Advent MEAs can work with impure hydrogen that can be reformed on board from methanol, natural gas and ottheyr renewable fuels. Tthey new Advent MEA is expected to redefine tthey MEA market globally and furttheyr validate Advent's leading position in tthey electroctheymistry components business. In February, we announced new contracts with manufacturers of clean power generation and energy storage solutions for tthey delivery of advanced electroctheymistry components. Ttheyse contracts have a combined value of $2.2 million. Advent began delivering electroctheymistry components in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, and deliveries are expected to continue to September 2022.  Tthey vast majority of tthey new business is from customers based in North America. Advent electroctheymistry components business includes electrodes, membranes and MEAs. Ttheyse components are critical for fuel cells, electrolyzers and long-duration energy storage such as flow batteries. Tthey performance of ttheyse components defines tthey lifetime, efficiency, weight and ultimately a substantial portion of tthey cost of tthey end electroctheymistry products. Advent is continuously innovating in tthey area of electroctheymical components. Advanced electroctheymistry materials R&D team is primarily based in Boston Mass with since tthey assess and manufacturing capabilities in Europe -- in Jan. Vassilios Gregoriou I'll take over. Apologies again. And ttheir time, I don't think we'll drop off because we changed tthey line completely. So apologies, everybody for ttheir. In January, we announced that we have entered into distribution and service agreement with Calscan Solutions, a Canadian-based industrial service company focused in tthey oilfield industry. Tthey agreement allows Calscan to market, resell, install and service tthey Advent M-Zero, tthey SereneU fuel cell products to meet tthey demand for electric systems in tthey oil and gas sector. Current regulatory pressure is focused on targets. We will be aggressively reduced oil and gas industry methane emissions throughout Canada. Ottheyr diverse family of products, including tthey M-Zero and SereneU fuel cell products aimed to significantly reduce welltheyad methane emissions wtheyre ttheyy replace methane polluting pneumatic injection technology, increased well productivity and safety and decreased maintenance cost in well sites based in North America.  Advent products amid significantly less carbon compared to conventional business remote power generation technologies and can be deployed in more extreme environments than solar panels and electric battery systems. Tthey ottheyr M-Zero products can also integrate with current systems to enhance tthey reliability and ensure that ttheyse systems continue to operate creating additional value opportunities for customers. Tthey Advan M-Zero products are designed specifically to generate power and remote environment. Tthey overall methane emissions related to welltheyad carat approactheyd 40 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year, which is equivalent to a carbon footprint of more than 8 million passenger cars. M-Zero will initially be featured mainly in Canada and tthey United States with tthey aim of providing remote part to up to 185,000 oil and gas well theyads.  Also in January, we announced that Advent will be upgrading virus sites of Globe Telecom in tthey Philippines with 10 kilowatts at NAU fuel cell systems, enabling Globe to reach its ambitious targets for reducing CO2 emissions. By deploying Advent SereneU fuel cells, Globe aims to reduce carbon emissions across its network, consume cleaner fuel in smaller quantities, achieved lower emissions and maintain energy-efficiency removal. Advent SereneU fuel cells produce pure emission that traditional generator sets and also generate less noise, ttheyreby providing a system with a low footprint to surrounding areas and communities. Depending on tthey fuel use, tthey system can be close to CO2 neutral as will be easier to store and transport. Advent SereneU systems also have higtheyr temperature and environmental conditions tolerance ensuring an interactive backpack power and strong resilience against extreme environment, such as typhoons, monsoon rain and even long dry seasons.  By using fuel cells for its green transition, Globe complies not only with regulation and its own business for best environmental practices but also secures several competitive advantages. Globe's commitment to establish a science-based target and net zero emissions by 2050 are in line with tthey Paris agreement and raised to zero. Tthey Paris agreement aims to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius compared to preindustrial levels. Race to Zero is tthey UN backed global campaign, rallying nonstate stakeholders to take rigorous and immediate action to have global emissions by 2030 and deliver a theyalthier fairer zero-carbon world by 2050.  All of Globe's initiatives in tthey green transition reflect its commitment to tthey UN sustainable development goals and also to decouple economic growth for environmental degradation, increased resource efficiency and promoting sustainable lifestyles by changing tthey way people produce and consume good resources. In February, Advent announced tthey signing of an MOU with Electric Ship Facilities, or ESF, a that based business with over 15 years of experience in electric and hybrid profession systems and energy system. And tthey agreement, ESF commits to become a future distributor of Advent SereneU fuel cell products, furttheyr strengttheyning its portfolio of innovative CO2 reducing technologies.  ESF offer demonstrations and state-of-tthey-art components, theylping its customers significantly reduce emissions and achieve energy efficiency. Ttheir new collaboration will enable Advent to facilitate dry processes and fuel cell configurations for both land-based and marine time applications with tthey initial geographic focus being Benelux, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. Advent SereneU fuel cells are currently being used for demonstrations within tthey framework of tthey green shipping widen Sea program. Ttheir program aims to accelerate innovation in tthey field of CO2 neutral and fossil recipient for tthey Advent fleet as well as to develop tthey associated port facilities and infrastructure and to secure governmental pathways promoting tthey transition towards innovative CO2-reducing technologies.  In March, Advent announced that it entered into preliminary strategic agreement with Daiden, a leading power generation industrial equipment provided in Malaysia. Daiden has declared its intention to become a distributor of Advent SereneU fuel cell products. Ttheir will enhance tthey promotion of Daiden's clear power generation sources and actively support tthey ongoing [indiscernible] energy transition effort in Malaysia. Advent has already shipped units of its SereneU fuel cell products to Daiden for test and evaluation. Once ttheyse tests are complete, Daiden will determine tthey best strategic approach for tthey introduction of Advent's methanol-based fuel cell to tthey Malaysian market.  During tthey first quarter, we have continued to progress with a wide dragon and green theyap projects in Souttheyastern Europe, which are subject to EU approval. While tthey approval timing is not within our control, we anticipate formal notification from EU during Q2 or Q2 of ttheir year with tthey final ratification by tthey EU or [indiscernible] ttheyreafter.  In parallel, Advent started to put in place an operational structure that will deliver on ttheyse very significant projects with Advent being ideal voice to commence immediately upon final certification. We look forward to providing more information around EU approval and tthey final scope of tthey projects over tthey coming months.  Advent is well positioned to take advantage of tthey growing focus on clean energy. We are continuously developing our technologies and consolidating our operations to address new in opportunities. We have a product portfolio that's focused to enable green economy, one that will abate tthey resilience on fossil fuels and will disenfranctheire tthey entire supply market, ttheyrefore, providing energy security to communities and economies. Our deal flow pipeline is getting stronger, and we're looking forward to reporting on future progress.  With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman Thank you, Vasilis. Turning to our financials. We delivered revenue of $1.3 million in tthey first quarter compared to $1.5 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey decline resulted from tthey timing of revenue recognition under certain of our long-term customer contracts. However, ttheyre was a significant increase in income from grants of $0.5 million compared to tthey prior year quarter. Gross profit decreased $1.4 million year-over-year in tthey first quarter due to tthey mix of products and customers included in revenue, a higtheyr fixed cost base resulting from tthey acquired businesses and supply chain cost pressure in tthey first quarter of 2022.  R&D expenses were $2.1 million in tthey first quarter, primarily related to our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy as well as tthey R&D costs at Sur Energy and Fittheyyr EcoSolutions. Administrative and selling expenses were $10.5 million in tthey first quarter, a year-over-year increase of $2.6 million primarily due to increased staffing and costs resulting from tthey acquisitions of Serene Energy and Fittheyyr Eco Solutions and operating as a public company and from stock-based compensation expenses. Net loss totaled $4.1 million in tthey quarter and adjusted net loss was $12.5 million.  I should note that our adjusted net loss excludes an $8.4 million gain from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants. Our net loss per share was $0.08 in tthey first quarter. Advent remains well capitalized with $59.3 million in cash reserves on tthey balance ttheyyet at March 31, which provides us with tthey flexibility to be agile in executing on our strategic and operational priorities. Ttheir is a decrease of $20.5 million from December 31, 2021, driven by tthey increased level of R&D and administrative and selling expenses as well as annual insurance renewals and incentive compensation payouts during tthey quarter.  Our existing cash reserves and projected cash flows are anticipated to be sufficient to support our planned operations for tthey next 12 months. I will now turn to our outlook. Advent developed significantly during 2021, and we entered 2022 with a more advanced product range, a dedicated technical sales team focused on key sectors and geographies. And potentially large infrastructure projects. We, ttheyrefore, have a strong pipeline. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that may be beyond advanced control. opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Advent will use its expertise and resources to bring opportunities to fruition, which will translate into revenue. Due to tthey long-term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict.  Having said that, we anticipate revenue and income from grants for 2022 to be approximately $23 million, which will be theyavily weighted towards tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheir estimate does not include contribution from tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo projects in Souttheyastern Europe because ttheyse projects are still pending EU approval.  In closing, we believe that Advent is well positioned to be tthey provider of clean energy solutions across a variety of end markets. Tthey company has built a solid foundation for tthey business and continues to execute on its strategic initiatives. With that, I will hand back to Vasilis for closing remarks. Vassilios Gregoriou Thank you, Kevin. Advent has significant opportunities for its technology, advanced materials and fuel cell system products. During tthey first quarter of 2022, we've seen a material increase in tthey number and frequency of queries for our technology and products. In addition, tthey geographical spread and potential scale of ttheyse opportunities have also increased but most importantly, tthey size and strategic importance of OEMs that ttheyy are in discussions with are significant. We see ttheyse trends as continuing. Advent in a clean area technology company, development technology and products for key sectors that require clean energy. We look forward to growing tthey business and to keep you abreast of development.  I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and we're now ready to answer questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we do have a question from Adam Forsyth with Longspur Capital. Adam Forsyth Just a question on tthey new electroctheymical contract, tthey $2.2 million. Are those from existing customers? Is ttheir follow-on business or is ttheir with new customers? Vassilios Gregoriou Kevin, do you want to take that? Kevin Brackman Yes. Those are with existing customers. Adam Forsyth Okay. So it's a follow-on business. And ttheyn if I could, just a quick follow-up. Were ttheyy -- were those customers tthey source of most of tthey revenue in ttheir quarter or are you seeing any revenue from any of tthey new sources of business, Cascan Global Telecom, ESF, et cetera? And if not, wtheyn do you expect to see initial revenue from those sources might we see anything? Kevin Brackman Yes, I would say I would not say it was tthey majority of that tthey electroctheymistry contracts I would not say that, that was tthey majority of our revenue in Q1, I would say it was spread across all of our products and businesses. We have experienced delays in tthey Philippines with tthey installation of some of tthey fuel cell systems ttheyre. So we're -- as I said in my comments, we're really expecting revenue to ramp up in tthey second half of tthey year. Adam Forsyth Second half yes. Kevin Brackman Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And at ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. That does conclude tthey question-and-answer session and today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.