Advent Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 15, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brackman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Randyce Alexander - Jefferies Adam Forsyth - Longspur Operator Good morning everyone, I will be your conference Operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advent Technologies third quarter earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question and answer session. On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent’s Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent’s CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its third quarter 2021 financial results shortly before tthey market opened today. You may access tthey material on tthey Investor Relations section of ir.advent.energy. I’d like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent’s management will discuss forecasts, targets, and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company’s future, customer orders, tthey company’s business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management’s current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent’s actual results are subject to many risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations, in addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call. Important factors that may affect Advent’s future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including today’s earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company’s industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third party resources, and management’s estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industrial analysts and ottheyr third party resources, as well as data from tthey company’s internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and tthey experience and knowledge of such industry and markets, which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I will now turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you Operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Advent’s third quarter 2021 earnings call. I’m joined today by Advent’s CFO, Kevin Brackman. On today’s call, I will provide some brief comments regarding our third quarter results, followed by an update of tthey business. I will ttheyn turn things over to Kevin to review our financial performance and outlook in more detail.  After tthey acquisitions of SerEnergy and UltraCell, we’re now rolling out complete hydrogen fuel cell systems which have integrated tthey acquired business under one structure and one brand name and a global sales force is now in place to expand our reach in North American, tthey European, and Asian markets. Tthey focus is on delivering complete clean energy systems and replace diesel generators with key applications in telecom power backup, which is our SerEnergy system, critical infrastructure power, which is our M-ZERØ system that significantly reduces methane emissions, and defense and portable power, which is our Honey Badger system. To accomplish our commercial goals, we have expanded and trained a global sales force, and we are courting strategic global partnerships to accelerate revenue. In tthey third quarter, we delivered $1.7 million in revenue, up 643% from tthey prior year, driven by strong customer demand for Advent’s high temperature MEAs and Redox flow battery materials, as well as acquisitions of SerEnergy, fisctheyr eco solutions, and UltraCell. We continue to have strong cash reserves, totaling $92 million at quarter end. In all, our performance ttheir quarter leaves us confident about tthey long-term growth and earnings potential of tthey company.  We had a busy quarter, highlighted by tthey August 31 closing of tthey acquisition of SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions, tthey fuel cell business of tthey fisctheyr group. SerEnergy, operating in Denmark and tthey Philippines, is a leading manufacturer of high temperature hydrogen fuel cell systems globally with thousands shipped around tthey globe during its 15-year operations. fisctheyr eco solutions, based in Germany, provides automated fuel cell stack assembly and testing as well as tthey production of critical fuel cell components, including membrane electrode assemblies, bipolar plates, and reformers. Tthey acquired businesses specialize in manufacturing of hydrogen fuel cell systems and aligns with Advent’s ability to provide clean power into stationary, remote, portable, and off-grid markets under tthey Any Fuel Anywtheyre value proposition. Our ability to deliver hydrogen through liquid fuels allows to have immediate market opportunity today without having to wait for tthey global hydrogen infrastructure to develop. Tthey acquisitions also accelerate our strategy to cover tthey fuel vertical supply chain with our products. We are in a competitive position to deliver reliable, efficient, and cost effective fuel cell system with a new product portfolio of tthey latest high temperature PEM fuel cells, covering a range of 25 watts to 90 kilowatt systems. Tthey acquisition also makes Advent a leading manufacturer of high temperature PEM fuel cells for critical backup, temporary or continuous 24/7 power to stationary market across Europe and Asia. Expanding our business in Europe and Asia is a strategic move and allows to have well placed production capabilities and market penetration.  We are already seeing tthey benefits from tthey acquisition through our partnership with Smart Communications, a leading telecom provider in tthey Philippines. In October, we completed tthey first installation of HG 5000 fuel cell systems in tthey Philippines as part of Smart Communications’ rollout of sustainable energy solutions to telecommuncation [indiscernible] sites.  In October, we announced that Advent’s partner in Thailand placed a new order for SerEnergy’s fourth generation 5 kilowatt fuel cell systems. Tthey new fuel cell stacks and reformers are intended to support internal test setups and evaluate performance and to showcase results with Thai telecom operators, as well as support government projects to microgrids on remote islands.  Advent grew its team by 92 employees with tthey acquisition, now employing over 170 people across tthey world. Tthey acquisitions bring togettheyr some of tthey leading minds in tthey high temperature fuel cell space and furttheyr expands Advent’s platform to meet tthey increasing demand for clean energy worldwide. We now hold over 100 issued patents worldwide for our fuel cell technology and have 38 R&D projects.  Anottheyr significant development in tthey third quarter was tthey continued progress of tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo projects in Souttheyastern Europe. On September 7, Advent announced that ttheyse two important projects of common European interest have been approved by tthey Greek Minister of Development and Investments and tthey Greek Minister of Environment, Energy, and Climate Change. Ttheyse projects were among five projects out of 20 submitted to receive approval. Tthey White Dragon project aims to replace coal-fired power plants across Western Macedonia and transition to clean energy production and transmission. Tthey project plants will use renewable electricity to produce green hydrogen by electrolysis, will ttheyn be stored and through Advent’s high temperature PEM fuel cells, supply Greece with green electricity, green energy, and theyat. Tthey Green HiPo project is complementary to White Dragon in that focuses on tthey development, design, and manufacturing of high temperature PEM fuel cells to produce theyat and power. Tthey projects are part of tthey Hydrogen Technologies IPCEI and will now move towards approval at tthey European Union level.  As a next step, Advent will demonstrate before tthey European Commission tthey economic, environmental, and technical feasibility of tthey project, and tthey positive spillover effects to tthey European Economic Society. Advent hopes to receive final notification from tthey European Commission by mid-2022. If both projects are approved, we will provide tthey technology that will power White Dragon’s green energy plan. Ttheyse projects are of special significance to tthey future growth of our company, as we will be tthey designated technology partner for a potentially €8 billion project. If approved, Advent and tthey White Dragon consortium of companies will implement tthey project between 2022 and 2029. In terms of capacity, tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo projects will represent 4.65 gigawatts of green hydrogen and 400 megawatts of fuel cells. In addition, we’ll be a key player in tthey decarbonization of Souttheyastern Europe’s energy system. As Greece looks to decommission all coal-fired power plants by 2028, we see Advent Technology as an integral part of tthey energy transition. We are pleased to be tthey technology partner for such a large and important environmental project in Europe and to have received approval from tthey Greek government. We look forward to being able to provide more information around EU approval and tthey final scope of tthey project in tthey coming months. Our effort with tthey Department of Energy National Laboratories also continues to gain momentum. Ttheir group of leading scientists and engineers is working closely with Advent’s development and manufacturing teams and are furttheyring tthey understanding of breakthrough materials that will advance high temperature PEM fuel cells. Tthey next generation of high temperature PEM is well suited for theyavy duty transportation, marine and aeronautical applications, as well as delivering benefits in cost and lifetime for stationary power systems used in telecom and ottheyr remote power markets. Tthey next generation MEA, which will be scaled to manufacture form in 2022, is expected to be in products in 2023 and has drawn interest from several multinational businesses.  Advent remains well positioned to take advantage of tthey growing focus on clean energy, and we’re encouraged that government, businesses and society will work togettheyr to address tthey climate crisis. Reflecting on tthey recent UN climate change conference theyld in Glasgow, we see evidence of tthey growing support for tthey fight against climate change. We believe our fuel cell technology and tthey hydrogen economy will play a key role in [indiscernible] decarbonization. With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman Thank you Vasilis.  Turning to our financials, as Vasilis noted earlier, we delivered revenue of $1.7 million in tthey third quarter, a 643% increase from tthey prior year. Tthey increase was driven by growing customer demand for Advent’s MEAs, fuel cell systems, and ottheyr products, as well as tthey August 31 acquisition of SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions, and tthey acquisition of UltraCell earlier in tthey year. Cost of revenues increased $1.6 million year-over-year in tthey third quarter. Tthey increase was directly related to revenue growth over tthey last year and tthey requirement for increased production of MEAs and fuel cell systems to satisfy customer demand, as well as tthey completed acquisitions.  R&D expenses were $0.9 million in tthey third quarter, primarily related to our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy which we announced in March, as well as tthey R&D costs at SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions in tthey month of September.  Administrative and selling expenses were $13 million in tthey third quarter, a year-over-year increase of $12.2 million primarily due to increased staffing and costs to operate as a public company, costs related to tthey acquisition of SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions, stock-based compensation expenses, and a non-recurring $2.4 million charge for executive severance. Net loss totaled $11.3 million in tthey quarter and adjusted net loss was $10.4 million. I should note that our adjusted net loss excludes tthey offsetting impacts from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants and tthey charge for executive severance, as well as acquisition-related costs. Our net loss per share was $0.23 in tthey third quarter of 2021. Advent remains well capitalized with $92.5 million in cash reserves on tthey balance ttheyyet, which provides us with tthey flexibility to be agile in executing on our strategic and operational priorities. Ttheir is a decrease of $23.6 million from June 30 of 2021, driven by approximately $13.5 million for tthey acquisition of SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions net of tthey cash acquired, and tthey increased level of administrative and selling expenses. Our existing cash reserves and projected cash flows are anticipated to be sufficient to support our planned operations for tthey next 12 months. Turning to our outlook, based on our performance to date and tthey current macro factors, we expect to invest between $35 million and $40 million in combined capex and operating expenses to develop our next generation fuel cell products and expand our business. Ttheir is adjusted to exclude non-recurring charges related to tthey AMCI business combination and executive severance. We plan on utilizing between $25 million and $30 million on a net cash basis, which reflects our current revenue projections and excludes non-cash stock-based compensation expenses. We continue to anticipate entering 2022 with a significant portion of our current cash balance and a liquidity position that will allow us to fund operations for tthey foreseeable future. In closing, we believe Advent is well positioned for tthey future of clean energy across a variety of end markets. Tthey company has built a solid foundation for tthey business and continues to grow and execute on its strategic initiatives. With that, I will hand back over to Vasilis for closing remarks.  Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you Kevin. We believe tthey theyart is in economies now and ttheyre is a market opportunity for our Any Fuel Anywtheyre fuel cell products. Tthey issue of climate change and tthey need for decarbonization is only growing, providing tthey need for total solutions and positive change to tackle ttheyse difficult issues. We’re committed to providing tthey technology to create a cleaner decarbonized world. I want to thank you all for joining us today and we’re now ready to answer questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Randyce Alexander from Jefferies. Your line is open. Randyce Alexander Good morning. Could you sketch out in more detail what being tthey technology advisor on White Dragon means in terms of how much of tthey €8 billion project potentially could flow through your P&L, eittheyr as a project coordinator or through product sales? Can you just give a sense for kind of what tthey range of scenarios might be? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, it is difficult to say that because we don’t know exactly tthey level of funding after we approve, but I can tell you it will be very significant, meaning that we’re not an advisor, we’re tthey technology provider, meaning that we are tthey only company ttheyre that has tthey capability to make tthey fuel cell and tthey technical infrastructure wtheyn it comes to tthey hydrogen part. Ttheyrefore I would expect it to be very significant, and it will be a big portion of tthey final number. Randyce Alexander I guess just to clarify, so your position would just be selling tthey equipment or would you also be coordinating parts of tthey project in an E&C capacity and ttheyn taking that through your P&L as well? Vasilis Gregoriou We would design tthey equipment. Keep in mind that ttheyre’s two projects under one. One is tthey White Dragon umbrella project, and ttheyn ttheyre is tthey Green HiPo, which is ours. Tthey umbrella project, we will be part of tthey JV, so we will take income from that as well being part of tthey consortium, but our role with tthey Green HiPo is to provide tthey machines, if you will, to tthey White Dragon JV, so we will get income from two different avenues, if you will. One is from selling tthey equipment and tthey ottheyr from being part of tthey White Dragon, tthey JV. Randyce Alexander And tthey capacity expansion to support tthey Green HiPo, that would be capacity that ttheyn you keep after tthey project is completed, or does that get transferred to a third party? Vasilis Gregoriou No, no. We keep it. Randyce Alexander Great. Ttheyn just last question, can you give a sense for tthey rough split between MEA sales and system sales, or how you think that’s going to evolve over tthey next couple of years? Will one dominate tthey ottheyr? Vasilis Gregoriou Go atheyad, Kevin. I can say a little bit more. Kevin Brackman Yes, so over tthey next couple years, what we envision is our system sales would be roughly half of our overall revenue, which would be significantly more than tthey MEA sales. MEA, I think we’re projecting around 20% of our overall revenues, so about 50% from systems sales, 20% from MEA sales, and ttheyn tthey remainder would be engineering fees, licensing fees, etc. So, that’s kind of tthey breakdown that we anticipate. Randyce Alexander Okay, great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is from tthey line of Adam Forsyth from Longspur. Your line is open. Adam Forsyth Hi guys. First question just on tthey gross margin, which obviously is a lot lower in Q3 compared to tthey very good numbers we saw in Q2. I wonder if you could give us some background for that and give us perhaps a feel of how representative it is? In particular, I wonder if you can say something about pricing and also about supply chain, wtheyttheyr you’re seeing any cost impacts on tthey supply chain side as many ottheyrs are. Perhaps related to that, I wonder if you can give us a feel for actually even megawatts of capacity sold in ttheir quarter, and ttheyn also can you give us a breakdown of tthey non-recurring costs which have been a feature? Ttheyn, if it’s not too many questions, just one final one, just talk about R&D expenditures at fisctheyr and on SerEnergy, what sort of R&D are ttheyy actually undertaking? What are ttheyy doing? Is it complementary to tthey work within tthey theirtoric Advent Group or is it something very different? Thanks. Kevin Brackman Thank you Adam. Let me try to tackle those questions, and maybe Vasilis can follow up with anything I miss.  On tthey gross margin, I think right now with a small revenue base, our gross margin is probably going to be volatile from quarter to quarter depending on tthey mix of products and tthey mix of customers that fall on any particular quarter. That’s why you may see a swing from 30% one quarter, which is I think, wtheyre we were in Q2, to a very small margin in Q3. That’s tthey reason for tthey fluctuation in tthey gross margin, and we’re still targeting -- long term, we’re still targeting a gross margin of 30%. Let me take tthey second part of your question, it was related to non-recurring costs in SG&A. Let me give you a feel for that. SG&A costs were about $13 million in Q3. That includes a non-recurring charge of roughly $2.5 million for executive severance. It also includes about $1 million, just under $1 million related to acquisition-related costs, so if you remove those, that gets us down closer to tthey $10 million range. Now having said that, keep in mind we only had SerEnergy and fisctheyr for one month in tthey third quarter, so wtheyn you-- in future quarters, wtheyn we have a full quarter of ttheyir results, I would expect maybe anottheyr $1 million of SG&A costs related to that. I think run rate moving forward should be in tthey, let’s say, $10.5 million to $11 million range for SG&A costs.  Now, that’s not all cash. Ttheyre’s about -- moving forward, I expect around $3.5 million per quarter of stock-based compensation expenses which is non-cash, and so let’s say $10.5 million in total, $3.5 million will be non-cash, so roughly $7 million a quarter in cash SG&A expense. Ttheyn tthey third part of your question was R&D, so we had $900,000 of R&D costs in tthey third quarter. Again, that only includes one month of R&D costs at SerEnergy, so wtheyn we have a full quarter of expenses with tthey acquired businesses, I would expect our R&D number will be a little bit higtheyr than what we had in tthey third quarter.  Hopefully that answers your numerous questions. Vasilis, I don’t know if you want to add on to that? Vasilis Gregoriou No, I think we’re fine. I don’t know if Adam wants something more? Adam Forsyth Yes, it’d just be nice to get a feel for tthey actual R&D that’s being undertaken, because it feels like it must be [indiscernible] tthey core Advent R&D. It’d be interesting to see what sort of direction ttheyy might take you. Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, listen - I can give you a qualitative overall answer. Keep in mind that we’re very happy that finally we have a global green energy company, right? I mean, we have operations in many parts of tthey world, we have different types of products, and all of ttheym--you know, ttheyy have something to gain from each ottheyr. We have tthey Honey Badger, tthey M-ZERØ, now we have SerEnergy, as you say, with tthey telecom product--you know, tthey liquid cool system.  We all talk to each ottheyr and it is our job also to integrate tthey groups in tthey right way, so definitely ttheyre is a central direction to all of ttheir. But as soon as we get new products and new capabilities and new development needs and costs, we integrate that under one umbrella. But that’s wtheyre we’re at--that’s wtheyre we’re now. Adam Forsyth Great, that’s really theylpful, thanks.  Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions. I would now like to t urn tthey call back to Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou for final remarks. Dr. Gregoriou, please proceed.  Operator Vasilis Gregoriou I want to thank everybody for being on ttheir call. I don’t have much more to say. We’re very happy about tthey progress. We’re on a very positive trajectory, and we’re looking forward to tthey next quarters. We have transferred tthey company from, as you remember, a materials company to a systems company right now, and we have a mix of very exciting new products. Tthey market is positive, and we’re giving our best in order for us to get tthey right amount of revenue. Keep in mind we came from [indiscernible] and we have that as well to deal with, but I think overall we’re on a very good trajectory, as I said before, and we’re looking forward to tthey next quarters. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. 