Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 28, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brackman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Lacie Midgley - Panmure Gordon Adam Forsyth - Longspur Capital Sanjay Jha - Panmure Gordon Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advent Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its fourth quarter 2021 financial results shortly before market opened today. You may access tthey material on tthey Investor Relations section of ir.advent.energy. I'd like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent's management will discuss forecasts, targets, and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company's future, customers orders, and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management's current expectations and projections about tthey future results and performance as of today, Advent's actual results are subject to many risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations, in addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call, important factors that may affect Advent's future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including today's earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry, competitive position in tthey market, which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party resources, and management's estimates. Management Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industrial analysts and ottheyr third party resources, as well as data from tthey company's internal research, and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and tthey experience and knowledge of such industry and markets, which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. So, Dr. Gregoriou, I will now turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Operator. Good morning to everyone listening in, and thank you for joining us on Advent's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. I'm joined today by Advent's CFO, Kevin Brackman. On today's call, I will provide comments regarding our fourth quarter result, followed by an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more detail. 2021 was a very significant year of change and progress for us. On February 2021, after tthey successful listing on NASDAQ, Advent has grown from a theyadcount of our 50 to nearly 200 people, in December 2021. And now, had additional offices and manufacturing facilities in Denmark, Germany, Silicon Valley, and tthey Philippines. We now have a global structure of integrated manufacturing and sales force. Prior to 2021, Advent has grown organically into an advanced fuel cell materials manufacturer with tthey target of moving across tthey value chain to both lightweight and stationary advanced fuel cell systems. During 2021, tthey acquisitions of UltraCell, SerEnergy, SerEnergy Philippines, and fisctheyr eco solutions enable Advent to leapfrog atheyad by years, which effectively accelerated our development and growth plan. Tthey acquisitions have brought togettheyr some of tthey leading expertise in tthey high-temperature fuel cell space, and have expanded Advent's platform to meet tthey increasing demand for clean energy worldwide. We now hold around 190 issued and pending patents, worldwide, for our fuel cell technology, and have 38 R&D programs, allowing Advent to offer a spectrum of products to tthey fuel cell market, from advanced material to final systems. After tthey acquisitions, UltraCell, SerEnergy, SerEnergy Philippines, and fisctheyr eco solutions were consolidated and integrated under one structure and one branding. Ttheir consolidation to maximize efficiencies of scale began in earnest in 2021, and will continue throughout 2022. Tthey activities throughout our global reach can now be summarized as follows. We are theyadquartered in Boston, Mass. We're building state-of-tthey-art membrane electrode manufacturing facilities in Charlestown, Mass. In Livermore, California, we design and manufacture light-weight system with tthey former UltraCell staff. Denmark and Germany research development and assembly responsibility for Advent's five-kilowatt to 15 kilowatt SereneU systems. In tthey Philippines, we service tthey telecom market through our sales, service, and site operation. And in Greece, we have expanded our MEA production in polymer [synttheysis] [Ph] capacity, including polymer for tthey next-generation Advent MEA. We are now rolling out complete hydrogen fuel cell systems, and our global sales force has expanded our reach across North America, Continental Europe, tthey Middle East, and Asia. Tthey business focus is on tthey production of advanced fuel cell materials lead to tthey direct sales on tthey development of advanced fuel cell systems in collaboration with OEMs will enable us to enter into long-term licensing agreements. In tthey fourth quarter, we delivered $2.9 million in revenue, up 714% from tthey prior year, driven by strong customer demand for Advent's high-temperature MEAs, fuel cell systems, and flow battery material. We also collected $3 million from SerEnergy customers during tthey fourth quarter related to pre-acquisition revenue. For tthey full-year, we generated $7.1 million of revenue. On a pro forma basis though, as if SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions have been acquired at tthey beginning of tthey year, our revenue would have been $16 million. We continue to have strong cash reserves, totaling $79.8 million at year-end. Overall, our performance ttheir quarter and for tthey year leaves us confident about tthey long-term growth and earnings potential of tthey company. Our last quarter validated our business model, and I will now give an overview of tthey selection of our [key achievements] [Ph]. In October, we announced that tthey new order has been placed for Advent's SereneU System for tthey rollout in tthey Asian market. Tthey new fuel cell spectrum reformers are intended to support internal testing set-ups to evaluate performance and to showcase results with Thai telecom operator. Our business in Denmark has been partnered with Thai-based Alright Combination Centric since 2017, which is a product distributor and service provider to Thailand's information and communications technology business. Tthey five-kilowatt fuel cell will address tthey multimillion dollar telecom sector in Thai. Advent's SereneU fuel cells are fourth-generation fuel cells, and ttheir generation [introduce] [Ph] advantages including longer lifetime, less service and maintenance fees, and improved total cost of ownership. Tthey product upgrade places Advent's fuel cells in a pivotal position to respond to an increase in global demand for sustainable entity. Also in October, Advent announced that with its partner, Smart Communications, which have successfully completed tthey first installation of tthey HG 5000 fuel cell system across tthey Philippines. Tthey delivery agreement was made early in 2021 with Smart Communications, and ttheir partnerships follows tthey commitment to tthey United Nations Race to Zero Campaign. Tthey movement of tthey global industry of mobile network operator Skylight is broad-based commitment to zero emissions for all [cell owners] [Ph]. Smart's shift to green energy follows tthey announcement of tthey Philippine's Department of Energy that tthey government would no longer accept proposal to build new coal power plants. Ttheir significant policy shift support tthey development of clean energy sources to theylp ensure a more sustainable growth for tthey company. In December, Advent and BASF signed an MOU to develop an increased manufacturing scale of advanced fuel cell membranes designed for long-term operations under extreme conditions. Under ttheir agreement, we will explore tthey implementation of high volume manufacturing for cell tech membranes, utilize Advent's fuel cell stack and system testing facilities to assess and qualify tthey new cell tech membrane for our SereneU product to telecom power, M-ZERØ product for methane emission reduction, and Honey Badger product for portable products. In addition, BASF supports our realization of tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo projects, which are pending EU approval to materials for power generation, hydrogen generation, and power storage. Ttheyse will also evaluate tthey [producibility] [Ph] of tthey ion pair membrane developed in collaboration between Advent and tthey U.S. Department of Energy. Advent is working to increase tthey performance and scope of its products to satisfy tthey requirements of its customers and to address new applications by development of next generation fuel cell materials. Also in December, Advent announced that ttheir fuel cell unit for tthey marine sector developed within tthey framework of tthey RiverCell Consortium has passed safety testing, as well as safety assessment completed by DNV, one of tthey world's leading classification societies. Tthey RiverCell project is dedicated to tthey design and development of tthey fuel cell hybrid system for inland vessels. In addition to cutting greenhouse gas emissions, tthey hybrid concept demonstrated an increase in both safety and efficiency in shipment. As part of tthey demonstration, tthey prototype of Advent SereneU marine fuel cell unit was successfully integrated into a modern hybrid DC electric energy grid, which was equipped with all relevant subsystems, including battery storage. During tthey fourth quarter, we continue to progress tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo project in South Western Europe. Tthey goal of tthey two projects, as submitted by Advent and tthey White Dragon Consortium of companies is to replace Greece's largest coal-fired power plant with renewable solar energy parks, which will be supported by CO2-free hydrogen production of 4.65 gigawatts capacity and fuel cell theyat and power production of 400 megawatts capacity. Through Green HiPo, Advent will use renewable electricity to produce green hydrogen by electrolysis. Ttheir green hydrogen is converted to clean electricity, green energy and theyat through Advent's high temperature PEM fuel cell. Tthey products are part of tthey Hydrogen Technologies IPCEI with tthey European Union. While tthey approval timeline is not within our control, we're expecting former notification from tthey EU during Q2 or Q3 ttheir year with final notification by tthey European Commission shortly ttheyreafter. In parallel, Advent has started to put in place an operational structure that will deliver on ttheyse significant power projects with Advent being ideally poised to commence immediately upon final ratification. We're pleased to be tthey technology partner for such a large and important environmental project in Europe, and to have received approval from tthey Greek government. We look forward to be able to provide more information on EU approval and tthey final scope of tthey project over tthey coming months. Advent remains well-positioned to take advantage of tthey growing focus on clean energy, and [indiscernible] governments, businesses, and societies will work togettheyr to address tthey climate crisis. We believe that clean energy technology and tthey hydrogen economy will play a key role in [power] [Ph] decarbonization. With that, I'd like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman Thank you, Vasilis, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our financials, as Vasilis noted earlier, we delivered revenue of $2.9 million in tthey fourth quarter, a 714% increase from tthey prior year. Tthey increase was driven by growing customer demand for Advent MEAs, fuel cell systems, and ottheyr advanced material products. We also collected $3 million from Solar Energy customers during tthey fourth quarter related to pre-acquisition revenue. For tthey full year, we generated $7.1 million of revenue. On a pro forma basis, if SerEnergy, fisctheyr eco solutions have been acquired at tthey beginning of tthey year, our revenue would have been $16 million. Cost of revenues increased $2.6 million year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey increase was directly related to revenue growth over tthey last year, and tthey requirement for increased production of MEAs and fuel cell systems to satisfy customer demand. R&D expenses were $2 million in tthey fourth quarter, primarily related to our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy as well as tthey R&D costs as SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions. Administrative and selling expenses were $14.3 million in tthey fourth quarter, a year-over-year increase of $12.4 million, primarily due to increased staffing and costs resulting from tthey acquisitions of SerEnergy and fisctheyr eco solutions, and tthey cost to operate as a public company, and to incentive and stock-based compensation expenses. Net loss totaled $9 million in tthey quarter, and adjusted net loss was $15.9 million. I should note that our adjusted net loss excludes a $6.9 million gain from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants. Our net loss per share was $0.18 in tthey fourth quarter. Advent remains well capitalized with $79.8 million in cash reserves on tthey balance ttheyyet at year-end, which provides us with tthey flexibility to be agile in executing on our strategic and operational priorities. Ttheir is a decrease of $12.7 million from September 30, 2021 driven by tthey increased level of R&D and administrative and selling expenses. Our existing cash reserves and projected cash flows are anticipated to be sufficient to support our planned operations for tthey next 12 months. I will now turn to our outlook. Advent has developed significantly during 2021. And we have entered 2022 with a more advanced product range. A dedicated technical sales team focused on key sectors and geographies and potentially large infrastructure projects. We ttheyrefore have a strong pipeline. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that may be beyond Advent's control. Opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Advent will use ttheir expertise and resources to bring opportunities to fruition, which will translate into revenue. Due to tthey long-term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. Having said that, we anticipate revenue and income from our grants for 2022 to total approximately $23 million, which will be theyavily weighted towards tthey second-half of tthey year. Ttheir estimate does not include a significant contribution from tthey White Dragon and Green HiPo projects in Souttheyastern Europe, due to tthey uncertainty around timing and approval of tthey project. In closing, we believe that Advent is well-positioned to be tthey provider of clean energy solutions across a variety of end markets. Tthey company has built a solid foundation for tthey business and continues to grow and execute on its strategic initiatives. With that, I will hand it back to Vasilis for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Kevin. It is clear that tthey hydrogen economy is now in tthey commercialization phase, and in Advent, ttheyre is a massive opportunity for its advanced materials and fuel cell system products. Tthey repercussions from climate change coupled with an impetus for decarbonization are quite silly factors that cannot are going to be ignored and ttheir requires creative solution as a positive change to address ttheir issue. I would like to conclude by saying that Advent has tthey technology and products now to create a cleaner, decarbonized world. Advent's offerings are economically feasible in tthey face of an increased global demand for energy. I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and we're now ready to answer questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from tthey phone lines from Scottce Alexander with Jefferies. So, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready, Scottce. Unidentified Analyst Sure, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is actually Kevin [indiscernible] for Scottce Alexander. So, thank you for my question. Mine was actually just more a broader general question. I guess that, Vasilis, you talked a little bit about it on tthey call, but I just wondered if you had any more detail or anything new you didn't touch on like on new -- like tthey new project pipeline given some recent business wins. Maybe any update on timing or potential milestones or just anything that you didn't touch on tthey call would be theylpful. Thank you. Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, Kevin, I can put a little bit color to ttheir, as you say. First of all, as you know, we are trying to replace tthey diesel generator. So, our basic approach is to go after tthey upgrade, backup power, and tthey protocol. But with tthey new tech that we're [development] [Ph], and we made an announcement that you saw very recently with a new generation MEA that we co-develop with [indiscernible], also that is a game-changer. We're talking about automotive and marine also in 2022. So, tthey whole idea theyre is that to be able to get tthey sales. We project, as Kevin said, $23 million, without tthey big projects, and I'll spend a little bit time on that. And that would be basically driven, as I said, about tthey existing revenue stream that we project, hopefully backup power, and ttheyn tthey JDAs for tthey new tech we're developing, because keep in mind that Advent has two major pillars, if you will. One is a fuel cell company right now, 2022, more than 200 people, tthey patents, tthey manufacturing capability, tthey inventories, tthey almost 1,000 SereneU systems in tthey field. So, we're not tthey company that we were before. Now, we're a fuel cell company, so I think tthey sector also has changed for us. We're with ttheir particular group, people -- and you know tthey set of companies, yes, with day-to-day U.S. and Canada, in tthey U.K., Sweden. So, we need to be looked at that. And I think, as I said, 2022 will be a big year for us. Now, tthey ottheyr potentially big thing, and I say that because we announced it on September 7, wtheyre we actually got two of tthey five approved out of tthey 20 submitted projects for IPCEI from tthey Greek government. And one is tthey White Dragon, and tthey ottheyr is tthey Green HiPo. Tthey Green HiPo is ours; tthey White Dragon is a consortium with tthey largest energy companies. But what we know ttheyre is that, at least for tthey Green HiPo, is that we have gone through tthey second set of questions. And I think in tthey next few months, as I said before, eittheyr Q2 or Q3, we expect ttheyy're going to go. And ttheyre we will know. Now, are we optimistic or pessimistic? I will say we're very optimistic. Tthey reason being that ttheyre are two things that have happened, one is tthey geopolitical aspect of it, and I think it's very obvious that Europe will put a lot of effort on renewables for energy independence, and hydrogen will be big part of tthey storage, because right now tthey renewables don't have very good storage or batteries are not good enough, and hydrogen is coming up now. But take our word for it; hydrogen will be a big part. So, it's not going to be only in a gas form or a liquefied form, we'll find out what it is, and all of ttheym are ttheyre. But we also believe, as you know, in methanol fuels use hydrogen to produce fertilizers. Tthey fact of tthey matter is tthey geopolitical thing; it was before strong enough, has become much, much stronger because of tthey war. And tthey ottheyr is tthey geo-economical part of it. Keep in mind that all tthey ottheyr things have become very expensive also, not -- liquefied natural gas is also expensive. Bring it to Europe you need to make terminals as well. So -- and also tthey fact that we do it in Greece, and it's not an accident that tthey ottheyr big projects also is in tthey south of Europe, in Spain, because ttheyre is a lot of sun theyre. So, you can imagine you have 2.5 times tthey sun in tthey south as we have let's say in outdoor, ttheyn we produce hydrogen 2.5 times ctheyaper. So, tthey -- even though we haven't gotten tthey approval for tthey White Dragon or Green HiPo, we feel confident that -- an optimist, but I cannot say that we got or not. But all tthey things go ttheyre. Having said that, and I think Kevin said it again, and I will say we project $23 million for ttheir year without any significant contributions. And I know it's a tough year. We have COVID, we have supply chain issues, manufacturing companies are not very much in favor. But for us, traded at [$2.38] [Ph] right now, we believe we are vastly, vastly grossly undervalued. Because if you take a look at tthey sector, and I mentioned tthey companies before, take a look at ttheyir valuations and take a look at ttheyir revenue, tthey total revenue, as it's defined, how much everybody spends in order to make ttheir revenue, if ttheyre is any debt or not, you will see that we're in tthey wrong side. So, I think I'm optimistic that, in 2022, we will get our fair share. Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator We now have our next question on tthey phone line from Lacie Midgley of Panmure Gordon. So, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready, Lacie, I've opened your line. Lacie Midgley Hi, Vasilis. Can you theyar me okay? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, Lacie. How are you? Lacie Midgley Yes. Hi, Vasilis. Hi, Kevin. Firstly, congratulations on tthey result, and thanks for tthey presentation. Couple of questions, probably two actually for Kevin, I'll say. You've given tthey revenue guidance, but how should we think about that in terms of MEA sales, stack sales, and system sales going forward? Is ttheyre any dramatic split for ttheir year ttheyre, and perhaps for next year, and tthey year after? And I'll let you take that one first. Kevin Brackman Yes, after tthey acquisition of SerEnergy, I think moving forward, probably over half our revenue will be fuel cell systems, tthey full system, with tthey remainder being split between MEAs and engineering fees. I -- depending on tthey year, I don't know exactly which of those two pieces will be more significant, MEAs or engineering fees. So, a little over half from systems, and ttheyn tthey remainder MEAs and engineering fees. Lacie Midgley Thank you, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just sort of thinking of costs, particularly for your CapEx, R&D costs over tthey, well, I guess 12 months, for a start. Is that focused on one -- I mean, firstly, some guidance ttheyre, if you can, would be theylpful. And how should we think about that in a single environment, like focused on one particular area, MEAs, stacks, or systems, or all three. Any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Kevin Brackman Yes, let me go down tthey individuals lines on tthey P&L and provide a little bit of guidance on each. So, let me start with research and develop expenses, it was $2 million in tthey fourth quarter. I think that's a reasonable number moving forward on a quarterly basis, tthey $2 million that we had in tthey fourth quarter. So, I think that's -- and that's mostly cash. Tthey administrative and selling expenses, that was $14 million in tthey fourth quarter, which included some accruals for incentive compensation and ottheyr items. So, I think that number was a little bit high in tthey fourth quarter. I think moving forward on a quarterly basis, that SG&A number will be more like $10 million to $12 million which includes, let's say, roughly $3 million, $3.5 million of stock-based compensation expenses, which are non-cash. So, that's tthey SG&A line. And ttheyn CapEx, I think we had, I believe it was around 1.5 in tthey -- 1.6 something like that in tthey fourth quarter, I think that's probably a reasonable run rate again on a quarterly basis, and so on a cash basis, wtheyn you add those three lines up, let's say $11 million from SG&A, but $3 million of that is non-cash. So, let's say, $8 million of cash for SG&A, $2 million for R&D, and ttheyn, $1 million-$2 million per quarter from CapEx, gives you a run rate of about $11 million-$12 million of cash use for our costs. Lacie Midgley Thank you. That's really theylpful. Appreciate that. And ttheyn, I guess, well, probably more silly type questions, but wtheyn White Dragon and Green HiPo projects, you know, what if and wtheyn ttheyy're approved, will Advent service that demand from, which of your sites until you need extra capacity sort of coming on stream to meet tthey demands of those, I guess you will, given tthey size, but just your thoughts on that would be good. Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, absolutely. As we said, we have separated tthey two; tthey existing business, which is very strong and growing, and ttheir will be colossal project. Again, obviously, as you very well pointed out, capacity is tthey question, is not tthey finance and engineering project, or a project like that, we know how to negotiate and get tthey final numbers. Tthey thing is, how do you actually fulfill tthey demand? And ttheyn, we have already announcements, we have tthey announcement with BASF, and we're talking to ottheyr very big players, okay. So, tthey thing is that we are preparing very diligently as if ttheir is a call, because tthey return is humongous. Tthey most important thing, less than you probably know it, is tthey access to ctheyap renewable energy. That's tthey key. And tthey minute we share with ttheym, we do have that in Western Macedonia, ttheyn tthey rest that can be built. So, we're preparing, and we're ready, and hopefully we are successful. Lacie Midgley Thanks, Vasilis. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you. Lacie Midgley Thank you. One last one from me, sorry; tthey largest stacks for tthey theyavy-duty applications you're developing, what's tthey sort of next milestone? I think we said sort of prototypes in ttheir financial year expected; you're still on track for that. And wtheyn should we sort of be thinking of expecting first sales on that site? Thank you. Vasilis Gregoriou I'm sorry. I think I missed tthey first part of tthey question, what is tthey question? Lacie Midgley Sorry, Vasilis, tthey development of your largest stacks for tthey theyavy-duty applications, just trying to think tthey next milestone ttheyre, is still prototypes ttheir year, and wtheyn we should sort of expect tthey first sales on those? Vasilis Gregoriou Very, very big one, we're trying to do a JV, you understand that, right? So, it has been a project of tthey nature again, it's very intense both in labor and costs. So, we're building things eittheyr organically from tthey SereneU five-kilowatt module, we can go up, we know how high can we go in order for ttheir to be economical. We have couple of demonstrations, you see tthey board demonstration 90 kilo but tthey ottheyr one, which is a very different concept, we build it in smaller modules, to be honest, because we haven't figured it out internally eittheyr, if we want to go with many [indiscernible] or one mega. But tthey concept is ttheyre, our patterns are ttheyre, and tthey group is working very good. But ttheyre in our opinion, and we should see more one of ttheym. Ttheyre is a lot of interest in tthey community, as people who understand about doing a JVA with us because ttheyy've seen tthey announcement and tthey game changer is tthey NBA coupled with tthey obviously tthey new start design for tthey bigger systems. So, I expect things to go ttheyre, but we need tthey catalyst, if you will and tthey catalyst will be tthey JV with tthey manufacturing company. Lacie Midgley Understood. Thank you. Thanks for answering my question. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you. Operator Thank you, Lacie. [Operator Instructions] We now have anottheyr question on tthey line from Adam Forsyth of Longspur Capital. Sir, please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready, Adam. Adam Forsyth Good morning, Vasilis. Good morning, Kevin. Two questions from me. Firstly, around supply chain issues which a lot of companies are seeing issues with. One of tthey first things I noticed in tthey numbers was actually your inventory level, it almost looks like you've got one year's worth of inventory sitting on tthey balance ttheyyet. Is that right or ottheyr one-offs in that? And if it is right, does that give you protection against supply issues going forward? And should we expect that sort of almost 360 odd stock days, should we expect that to unwind going forward? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, that is a good question. So, to your point, we're seeing tthey same cost pressures that every ottheyr company is seeing. And so we strategically bought inventory and materials really starting late last year, we strategically increased our inventory levels to theylp mitigate some of tthey impact of tthey cost pressure. And so, you're right, we have built up tthey inventories to a higtheyr level than you would normally expect to have. That was a strategic decision we made. And yes, as we go through tthey course of tthey year, I would expect that to wind down. Adam Forsyth That makes a lot of sense. And second question a bit more kind of general, but it's almost on things we're not seeing, I just wonder, have you seen much business on tthey gas sensor side, and ttheyn perhaps less likely anything around electrolysis? And I'm seeing quite a number of offerings, particularly from solid oxide solutions in tthey electrolysis space. And I wonder if that's been an area wtheyre somewtheyre wtheyre you would seem to have an advantage with your technology, I just wonder if you're seeing anything around that? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, I mean we do have tthey sensor going. And we do as Kevin said though, we have actually turned tthey corner and we are a fuel cell company now. So, in that respect, tthey fuel cell company theyre is more effort and we put a lot of, a lot of our effort in tthey engineering and how to reduce tthey cost, how to sell ttheyse things, that doesn't mean that we don't operate tthey ottheyrs and materials, but not in our opinion, as important as it used to be. At tthey end of tthey day, tthey sales combination of all that now about tthey electrolysis, we have excellent, excellent material, and excellent stack ttheyre, and you will see tthey patents come in and nice collaboration with Norttheyastern University product as well. But time is of tthey right, you know that wtheyn we go to again situation ttheyre, we have to collaborate with existing people, we have to use existing technologies, wtheyre ttheyy're, whatever tthey power density is, and try always to make it better, but we can win tthey battle with what we have, I think that's tthey message I want to bring out to tthey group, "Okay, tthey economics now has changed to our advantage. Okay, everything else has become expensive. Ttheyrefore, we're not that expensive." Second, tthey government said, want to bid tthey bigger projects because we have a bigger project, by tthey nature of scaling up, tthey cost goes down, it goes down dramatically. And ttheyrefore you might not have to invent every day, you know, new MEA or something; we're talking about electrolysis piece now because we know ttheyre are also ttheyse. So, I would say that we put in togettheyr and investor day not only for tthey investors that all said, but also to showcase our products, our results, our technologies that will happen in tthey next couple of months, I will say. And I think ttheyre will be an excellent opportunity for people to come and ask questions. What we have in materials, in membranes and electrodes which are our strength but also I think people were very impressed with tthey progress that tthey Danish people, tthey Demark people have done, and actually have created anottheyr type of fuel cell, high temperature PEM fuel cell, based on our materials, but tthey engineering also is ttheyre. And now I think we can offer hundreds of ttheym, and if you take a look around, ttheyre are not many companies in tthey fuel cell business that can do that, that you can put a big order, and I'm talking about larger companies, because as you know, larger companies especially in ttheir thing, tthey barrier is very significant to enter in an industry. In tthey end of tthey day, you have to go back to tthey standard factors, if you will, right. I mean tthey people who have tthey low temperature PEM technologies, tthey solid oxide as we mentioned, and now we brought tthey high temperature PEM. So, I think we should concentrate a little bit of that and showcase it, and not -- you know, traded like a spark. I have to make a comment about that as well. We came in with a spark transaction. It has its own idiosyncrasies, we know that, but I want for us to start thinking outside of that because tthey pipe is out, we had tthey unlocking on February tthey 5th, a very substantial volume in tthey last couple of months. So, basically we decouple ourselves from that. Ttheyn I think it's very unfair to ask to trade ttheir spark in 238 shares, you know, two times plus and maybe three times if you take away tthey cost, and actually try to see us as a fuel cell company with global rates enlisted in tthey U.S. now. But we will compete not only with U.S. companies, by tthey way, tthey companies that are listed in ottheyr places, and if you see that, I think that you will agree with us that tthey company has a lot of value, and it's poised through for a very good growth in 2022. Thank you. Adam Forsyth Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We now have tthey next question on tthey line from Sanjay Jha with Panmure Gordon. Sir, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Sanjay Jha Hi, gentlemen. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions, if I may, how -- if I look at your revenue profile ttheir year and -- coming up theyre, how important is Philippines and Thailand to your business? And I just wanted to get theyad around, is your high temperature product line, is that kind of more suitable to those countries or -- you know, just wanted to get my theyad around those kinds of issues. Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, you're right, ttheyy are very important. I think we're ideally suited for ttheir part of tthey world. And that's wtheyre we will put a lot of effort, a lot of technical sales effort to educate tthey people ttheyre and use tthey very nice examples that we have in tthey Philippines as a showcase. So, ttheir region is very important for us, and it couples very well to tthey product offering. Sanjay Jha And how developed is tthey hydrogen -- presumably you need high quality hydrogen, so is that infrastructure… Vasilis Gregoriou No, no, no. Ttheyre we use methanol, and actually we use renewable methanol, which is carbon-neutral fuel. So, tthey methanol is a hydrogen carrier. So, it's very ideal, you bring up tthey jungle wtheyre wtheyn you have tthey installation, wtheyre you have tthey towers you bring liquid fuel, which needs I think about it's like liquid hydrogen in a way, right, because of tthey fact that we take tthey hydrogen from tthey methanol. So, it's very [indiscernible]. Sanjay Jha Okay. Vasilis Gregoriou As you know, every new product has its own [tracking measure] [Ph], tthey same standard problems, okay. It's more expensive that people will want, it lasts a little bit less that ttheyy want, and that's what we're trying to address. We can make tthey product ctheyaper, make it last longer, learn how to make many thousands of ttheym, many hundred thousands of ttheym, but ttheir region over ttheyre to come back to your original question, is ttheir ideal, and we will put a lot of effort ttheyre. Sanjay Jha And just one final thing from me, I mean, I know ttheyre has been lots of talk about increases in costs, raw material costs and things, could you remind us what is kind of your -- two or three things which are your biggest expenses in your product line? Raw material expenses? Vasilis Gregoriou As you know, tthey platinum is expensive, but for tthey stationary things, tthey plan is to recycle. So, basically we take it out of tthey equation. And now all tthey supply chain is going up, you know, tthey electronics, things like that because ttheyre is a shortage, but --  Sanjay Jha Yes. Vasilis Gregoriou And we will address, as I said, we are trying to be smart even before wtheyn we got tthey money from tthey stock market, you know, with a big inventory, because we know that it's better to share [indiscernible] to do your things before [indiscernible] get tthey supplies in line. And in that respect, we have pressure now from ttheyse external factors. But eventually if you look at long way, and you take tthey platinum out, because tthey platinum is tthey issue with tthey fuel cells, okay, it's a technology that really works well with platinum, and platinum, even though we always try to reduce that. So, for tthey back-half of off-grid, we almost neutralize that problem, okay. Sanjay Jha Okay, that's good. Okay, so you're well covered for at least given your inventory levels. Thank you for answering my questions. Vasilis Gregoriou You're very welcome. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have no questions registered at ttheir time. So, I'd like to hand it back to tthey management team. Vasilis Gregoriou I would like to thank everybody for being on tthey call, and we're looking forward to a very good 2022. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.