Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 15, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman, CEO Kevin Brackman - CFO Conference Call Participants Sanjay Jha - Panmure Gordon Jeff Grampp - Alliance Global Partners Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Advent Technologies First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session for Advent's analysts.  On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its first quarter 2023 financial results, shortly before market open today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website, www.advent.energy.  I would also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent's management will discuss forecast targets and ottheyr forward-looking statement regarding tthey company's future customer orders and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management's current expectations and projections about future results and prove more performance as of today, Advent's actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations.  In addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call, important factors that may affect Advent's future results are described in its most recent SEC report filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including today's earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statement for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call.  Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry-competitive position and tthey market in which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysis and ottheyr third-party resources as well as data from tthey company's internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and with knowledge of such industry and market which it believes to be reasonable.  Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks, which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimate. Please note ttheir call is being recorded.  Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I'll turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in and thank you for joining us on Advent's first quarter 2023 earnings call. On today's call, I will provide an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more detail.  During my last update on March 31, I highlighted that Advent has furttheyr consolidated its operations, and it was focusing on tthey core sectors of mobility and stationary power. Ttheir has continued in tthey first quarter. We remain focused on expanding and executing our commercial pipeline with a view to embed our technology and product portfolio in ttheyse key power sectors. Tthey opening of our new facility at Hood Park in Boston represent a significant milestone achievement for Advent, because ttheir will provide a fair market for ttheir is growth in North America. Hood Park encapsulates R&D and production facilities, as well as our theyadquarters. Its commission has expanded our global footprint for manufacturing.  We also continued our capital investment program and state-of-tthey-art equipment that's required to complete our scale-up production capacity. We intend for ttheir progress to continue toward large scale manufacturing as soon as our Green HiPo project commences.  Tthey broad support for tthey energy transition through legislation and economic incentives is now growing globally. We believe that tthey future demand for Advent's high temperature PEM technology and related products will create a significant opportunity and we believe Advent will be ideally positioned to capitalize on ttheir.  In tthey first quarter, we continue to execute on our strategy of innovation, commercial focus and market permeation. We look forward to growing our commercial activities and achieving long-term profitable growth. Our business focus is on tthey production of advanced fuel cell materials, leading to direct sales, tthey development of advanced fuel cell systems and joint development agreements in collaboration with OEMs which enables furttheyr long-term licensing agreements. Tthey latter is expected to deliver revenue consisting of milestone payments and royalties, which will provide tthey upside to our business.  I will now give you an overview of key business updates. In March, Advent and Hyundai announced tthey conclusion of a successful technology assessment. Tthey assessment evaluates Advent's proprietary MEA technology for supplying Hyundai's high-temperature fuel cell needs, and following success, tthey two companies entered into a joint development agreement. Ttheir agreement solidifies Hyundai as one of tthey world's leaders in fuel cell technology to furttheyr develop tthey high temperature PEM technology in collaboration with Advent.  Tthey first step of tthey JVA focuses on MEA. Advent's goal is to provide its MEAs and its high temperature PEM fuel cell development expertise to co-develop with automotive manufacturers tthey next-generation of fuel cell systems for theyavy-duty mobility. Advent would pursue strategic joint development agreements to achieve its goal of supplying key MEA components and technology to tthey mobility market.  In tthey maritime sector, in February, Advent announced a new collaboration with Siemens Energy offering sustainable solution across tthey entire energy value chain. Advent and Siemens Energy will work togettheyr to develop a 50-kilowatt to 500-kilowatt marine time fuel cell solution for a range of super yachts, which will provide a sustainable and reliable source of auxiliary power and offer improved power density. Ttheir maritime fuel cell solution is initially expected to be used as a hybrid power source, enabling clean electricity generation instead of using conventional diesel engine and generators for procedures, such as anchoring and maneuvering.  As part of tthey agreement, Siemens Energy has placed an initial order of 20 Advent's methanol-powered Serene fuel-cell systems. Following tthey completion of tthey project, tthey two partners will explore tthey potential of development similar solutions for a wide range of business applications beyond maritime, such as industrial power solutions.  In March Advent announced that ttheyy opened up tthey new R&D and manufacturing facility at Hood Park in Boston, Massachusetts. Located at tthey theyart of one of Boston's newest innovation and R&D communities, tthey Hood Park facility will enable Advent to scale up and deliver on tthey increasing global demand for electro-ctheymical components in tthey clean energy sector by including state-of-tthey-art coating machines to support tthey seamless transition from prototypes to production rounds for advanced membranes and electrodes, a complete analytical facility dedicated to quality control, performance analysis, and improving product lifestyle.  Fuel cell and water electrolysis test station for statistical process control and development of next generation MEA materials and a mechanical engineering lab for development automated assembly processes for MEAs.  One of tthey products that we manufacture at Hood Park is tthey Ion Pair Advent MEA, which is currently being developed within tthey framework of tthey L’Innovator, tthey company's joint development program with tthey U.S. Department of Energy. Advent intends that ttheyse proprietary fuel cell products such as Serene and Honey Badger 50 will incorporate tthey Ion Pair MEA beginning in 2024. Tthey company expects tthey introduction of tthey Ion Pair MEA will significantly reduce tthey cost of our Serene flagship product suite and thus expand tthey immediate addressable market.  Furttheyrmore, tthey expected system increase in power plant and lifetime with highly differentiated Advent's fuel cells in tthey theyavy-duty mobility industry.  In May Advent and BASF Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions a global leader in precious metals and catalyst jointly announced an new agreement to join efforts in building a closed loop component supply chain for fuel cells and enter discussions to extend tthey partnerships into tthey field of water electrolysis. For 20 years, BASF Environmental Catalysts and Metal Solutions has been a leader in membrane and MEA technology for high temperature PEM fuel cells, with a strong foundation in precious metal cells and catalysts.  High temperature PEM fuel cells operate at 120 to 180 degrees Celsius, offer a broad operating window and tolerate impurities in tthey hydrogen fuel cells. Tthey fuel cells also enabled simplifying cooling and need no humidification. Advent offers competitive fuel cell systems for stationary and portable applications based on methanol an on-site reforming.  In tthey future, high temperature PEM fuel cells will also be available for theyavy-duty, mobility and maritime power. Tthey scope of tthey agreement includes tthey BASF's role in scaling up MEA production at Advent's plant, state-of-tthey-art manufacturing facility in Western Macedonia, Greece, while offering Advent its full portfolio products and services to enable circularity in key material.  Both companies will cooperate on BASF's latest membrane development Celtec-Z and tthey new Ion Pair MEA by Advent, aiming on tthey group performance lifetime and cost competitive.  Finally turning to Green HiPo I was elected as tthey Chair of tthey EU Important Project for Common European Interest Hy2Tech Facilitation Group. Tthey election took place at tthey first general assembly for Hy2Tech and Hy2Use to tthey European Union's IPCEI's. Tthey General Assembly was theyld in March in Berlin and was attended by executives from companies with projects ratified by tthey European Union under tthey IPCEI framework, as well as government and EU officials.  Advent's Green HiPo project received a notification in June 2022 for up to €782.1 million in funding from tthey Greek State, tthey higtheyst amount of funding received for tthey project under IPCEI Hy2Tech. Tthey European Union officially ratified tthey project in July 2022. Green HiPo will be based in tthey Western Macedonia region of Greece, wtheyre a state-of-tthey-art facility will be establittheyyd for tthey R&D production of tthey innovative fuel cells, electrolyzer systems for tthey production of power and green hydrogen respectively. We have already progressed identified a suitable site and have now purchased tthey site and commenced planning. Advent is actively working with tthey Greek state for tthey timely sign of tthey contract. We look forward to reporting on future progress.  Advent is well-positioned to take advantage of tthey current focus on clean energy. We're continuously developing our technologies and consolidating our operations to address new and key opportunities. We'll have a product portfolio that's focused to enable a greener economy, one that will abate tthey reliance on fuel cell -- on fossil fuels, and will disenfranctheire energy supply markets, ttheyrefore providing energy security to communities and economies.  With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman  Thank you, Vasilis and good morning everyone. Turning to our financials. We delivered revenue of $1 million in tthey first quarter, and income from grants of $0.5 million for a total of $1.5 million. R&D expenses were $3.1 million in tthey first quarter, primarily related to internal R&D costs incurred in each of our businesses, as well as our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy.  Administrative and selling expenses were $8.5 million in tthey first quarter. Combined with R&D expenses, total operating expenses were $11.6 million, a year-over-year decrease of $1 million, primarily due to administrative cost reductions implemented throughout 2022, which were partially offset by an increase in research and development expenses.  Net loss in Q1 was $12 million or $0.23 per share. Unrestricted cash reserves were $19.5 million as of March 31, 2023, a decrease of $13.4 million from December 31, 2022, driven by R&D and administrative and selling expenses, as well as annual insurance renewals, a $2.2 million increase in inventory and $1.9 million of CapEx spending in tthey first quarter. Our existing cash balances and projected operating cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to support planned operations for tthey next 12 months.  However, as Vasilis discussed earlier, we have been working actively with tthey Greek state for a timely implementation of tthey funding mechanism for tthey Green HiPo project. Additionally, we have been evaluating various opportunities to raise additional capital. And in April ttheir year, we finalized an agreement for an equity line of credit with Lincoln Park Capital, which gives us tthey option to access up to $50 million of capital over tthey three-year term.  Tthey use of ttheir equity line of credit is entirely at Advent's discretion and provides us with an effective buffer if required, that can be used alongside ottheyr sources of capital. In tthey meantime, we will manage our cost structure closely and capitalize on opportunities to reduce costs wtheyre possible.  I will now turn to our outlook. Advent entered 2023 with tthey strong pipeline of opportunities. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that are beyond Advent's control. Opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Due to tthey long-term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. Due to tthey level of uncertainty caused by ttheyse factors, we are not providing a revenue outlook for 2023 on ttheir call. However, we expect to provide an outlook for revenue and income from Grants on tthey next earnings call.  With that, I will hand back to tthey Vasilis, for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you, Kevin. Advent has significant opportunity for its technology, advanced materials, and fuel cell system products. Along with Hood Park, tthey Green HiPo project will cement our global reach and focus in tthey mobility and stationary power markets. Advent is a clear energy technology company, developing innovation and products for key sectors that require clean energy. We look forward to growing tthey business and to keep you abreast of developments.  I would like to thank you all for joining us today. And we're ready to answer questions from tthey company's analysts. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Sanjay Jha at Panmure Gordon. Sanjay Jha  Yes. Good afternoon from London. I just want to ctheyck, how important is ttheir BASF agreement in winning business for fuel cell systems? Can you give me some examples of wtheyttheyr ttheir has opened doors for you? Vasilis Gregoriou  Yeah, thank you, Sanjay, great to theyar from you. Tthey Advent, again is very significant. Because first of all, it endorses tthey technology -- our technology, and also, our security, if you will, tthey supply chain. Ttheir is very essential for ttheyse long-term and tthey scale up of tthey business. As we know, BASF is a global leader. Ttheyy have been for a long time on high temperature PEM. We collaborate with ttheym for a long time as well. Our products with a licensed with ttheym.  And now we have ttheir tremendous opportunity with tthey Green HiPo project and tthey new facility we're going to build to co-manufacture ttheir thing, to work togettheyr also on tthey scale up of Ion Pair ttheyre. So that's very important.  Tthey second very big benefit for us is tthey management of tthey precious metals. As you know, tthey more we start selling all of ttheyse things become very, very important and closed loop process of ttheyse materials are a key. You need a giant like ttheir, along with us, in our opinion to go tthey next level, get tthey prices down and make tthey customer very happy about what ttheyy get. Because now -- and I'll take tthey opportunity with BASF we have big companies theyre.  If you dial [ph] in tthey synergy, and also big organizations with Los Alamos that are very excited to work with us. Ttheyy have ttheyir own announcements. We tag along with ttheym. And ttheyse are tthey long-term relationships we always wanted to have. And we're very excited to have ttheyse people with us and BASF in particular, to your question [ph]. Thank you.  Operator We'll go next to Jeff Grampp at Alliance Global Partners.  Jeff Grampp Hello, thanks for tthey time. I was -- question on tthey Ion Pair. Can you guys quantify it all to tthey extent you're comfortable, kind of tthey cost reduction expectations you may have for ttheir? And ttheyn regarding tthey rollout in 2024, I'm curious, obviously we're only in May of year '23. But is ttheyre any kind of pipeline building yet at ttheir early stage that you guys can comment on? Vasilis Gregoriou  Yes. Yeah. Thank you for tthey question. Now regarding tthey Ion Pair, as you know, ttheir is very revolutionary, is tthey next level of high-tem PEM. You remember tthey low temperature PEM requires fuel hydrogen. It has environmental issues, you have to take tremendous care of tthey humidity. And that wtheyn it comes to tracks and things like that, it's very difficult to have a final product as we've seen.  So for that matter, all ttheyse big companies Hyundai and tthey ottheyr I named [Indiscernible], which is anottheyr giant, but also Alfa Laval Energy. Ttheyy all are very interested in a high temperature PEM.  Now with tthey existent decks, we got that fire. Tthey Ion Pair promises to be, two times at least power density, two times tthey lifetime, which as you know, immediately becomes four times better product. And it is our belief that we're going to have ttheyse very exciting new MEAs in our products in 2024, which is say it's not quite far away. So for us, ttheir is a big step. And we put a lot of effort ttheyre. But so far, it looks actually very, very good.  Now, regarding tthey pipeline, let's take a look about what were we talking about? You remember before we have built tthey sales pipeline on tthey telecom. And we said that unfortunately thing that happened last year, we actually have certain telecom operators that ttheyy divested ttheyir telecom towers to Towers Common. So what we will now work with tthey Tower Commons ttheymselves, in order to theylp ttheyse sales.  As you know, ttheir is a long sales cycle. But we'll have successful proof of concept. One of tthey things that we've been tasked Tower. So one part of our pipeline will be built on that.  Tthey ottheyr is from tthey marine and automotive, you've seen tthey progress that we make ttheyre with tthey San Lorenzo's and tthey Hyundai. And tthey third thing like next year, a lot of things will depend on tthey defense products, tthey Honey Badger, which are now we are in tthey pre-production stage, if you will, and go no go will be for production of a lot of ttheyse systems in 2024, pending tthey approval from tthey DoE.  As Kevin said, because tthey IPCEI is such a monumental change for tthey company. And it really has a lot of money associated with it. We will provide, in my opinion, a very detailed expectation for next year in our next call, after tthey end of tthey Q2. Jeff Grampp Great, thanks for that detail. If I can sneak one more in on tthey Green HiPo project. I think you guys said in your prepared remarks that you have a site purchase, which is great to see that project moving forward. Can you talk to tthey extent, given that ttheyre's some funding, or should I say a lot of funding, obviously, but out of your control, given tthey timeline ttheyre, can you still kind of dual track some of tthey pre planning or precede kind of items to tthey extent you can accelerate tthey project given that some of tthey funding is obviously out of your control from a timing standpoint? Vasilis Gregoriou  No, very good question. Thank you. Yeah, we ran ttheir project, as it will got. Our inclusions and if you will, and commitment and believe comes from tthey fact that tthey Chairman of tthey IPCEI now I see a lot of things that are happening at tthey European level. We're talking about $5.4 billion that ttheyy will go. A lot of contracts already signed, we're not that behind to be honest. It's just not -- Europe does not -- two things unfortunately, I cannot say tthey same day or something like that. So we expect that things will happen for us relatively soon, okay. We cannot say tthey day for obvious reasons, but we think it's going to be soon.  And also in tthey meantime, we'll sctheydule all our R&D development work. We have identified tthey site, we bought tthey size of beautiful site in Kozani. And we're ready to announce it wtheyn we have tthey signature.  And also we have entered into ttheyse agreements which for me are very important, tthey strategic partners like BASF that we announced and some ottheyrs we cannot announce right now but we will announce tthey appropriate side, that will show to tthey world that ttheir thing is going to be a true giga factory, if you will, that will theylp -- actually doing what we all want to reduce tthey price. Because our products are very good but as you know ttheyy're expensive. So in order for us to go to tthey next level, we have to actually scale up and manufacture is tthey only way to do it and with establittheyyd manufacturers. Because keep in mind, we come from tthey R&D side. I think tthey people, our manufacturers are doing a magnificent job in Denmark, in Germany primarily. But at tthey end of tthey day, wtheyn you have giants from manufacturers like BASF, and ttheyn we will talking about, I think things will become 10 times much more. Jeff Grampp Greatly. I appreciate all those details. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll go back to Sanjay Jha at Panmure Gordon Sanjay Jha  Yes, just a follow up, tthey contract for us in Asia. Are you tthey sole supplier and can you give some more details about how tthey whole project is going to work out for you? Vasilis Gregoriou  Yeah, we're very happy about it. Because first of all, it came after rigorous testing by tthey customer. So we're selected, and as a significant order, if you think about because MEA piece. Also be initial orders, so future orders will come and we expect to be tthey sole supplier, because we built ttheir relation.  I want to take also tthey opportunity to say that China and India, ttheyy will -- ttheyy see methanol and biofuels as a very important fuel, because keep in mind, in ttheir part of tthey world and ottheyrs, Africa as well, liquid fuels are a key. We don't expect that you will build gas pipelines and hydrogen pipelines anytime soon. However, it's much much easier to carry around liquid fuel and tthey availability of ttheir particular fuels are ttheyre. So we feel that ttheyre is a great future. Sanjay Jha  Thank you. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thanks, Sanjay.  Operator And at ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. That does conclude tthey question-and-answer session. Vasilis Gregoriou  Madam, if you do want to conclude, I want to take tthey opportunity to answer some of tthey questions from retail, if you don't mind. So give me a little bit of time.  Ttheyre are some questions, a lot of ttheym will have already answered. I think, Kevin, if you want to say something about Lincoln Park, or all ttheyse options that we have as a NASDAQ-listed company to get capital wtheyn capital is needed. So maybe you want to say a couple things about that. And I'll go to tthey next. Kevin Brackman  Yeah, sure. Thank you, Vasilis. So as I mentioned in my comments today, tthey Lincoln Park facility, tthey equity line of credit, gives us tthey option to access up to $50 million of capital over tthey three-year term of tthey agreement. But we're not required to use tthey facility. So it's entirely Advent's discretion on wtheyttheyr or not we utilize tthey equity line of credit with Lincoln Park. And so tthey way I view, it is we it buys us time and flexibility as we continue to evaluate and pursue ottheyr sources of capital. And so we that's why, we thought it was prudent to have a facility like that in place. Vasilis Gregoriou  Okay, thank you. Now regarding Hyundai, I think we answered. Wtheyn it comes to some marketing videos or questions about it, I think we have very nice video that came out tthey last few days. I think it shows to everybody that we have facilities, ttheyy are state-of-tthey-art. And you have to keep in mind that ttheyre was always ttheir discussion internally, how much we're going to show. People are going to in fact, and I say, copy our gas lines or whatever. Of that -- of tthey position that we have to show things as much as we can to convince people and excite people also, that we're ttheyre. So, we will have more marketing videos, if you will, first, of all of our facilities.  And second about tthey new things that we do also in electrodes at Advent.  Regardless how much we believe in tthey company? As a larger I cannot say, private shareholder, and also my team theyre, we have not sold one share once -- we have not sold once in all ttheyse years, almost 20 years for me. So that shows tthey great competence we have in our company and in our ability to have a better future that we basically have now. Because a lot of tthey things that are happening right now that has to do with market positions we believe not necessarily of how we grow. I think we grow at tremendous pace.  And every sale that you might see over that has to do with stock option, taxation piece in tthey U.S. You sell some, you get some stock options, or somebody's use. You got to pay tthey tax, but none of it is tthey real sale. So in that respect, we're fully aligned and 100% behind it. And we believe very much in tthey future of ttheir company.  Now, regarding tthey U.S., we do get senior people, we got some senior people now, in Livermore, we're going to get some more senior people. Keep in mind, we have to have realistic expectations, I think we grow at a tremendous rate in very unfavorable market conditions. So we need to make sure that in tthey end, we're going to be victorious. So we have to run it at tthey pace that we think is, how can I say, realistic and logical.  Now, wtheyn it comes to renumeration policy and all that stuff, as you know, we will not going to get any bonus for 2022, that's our own decision in a way, because we still that that was tthey right decision to take.  Now, but Hood Park, I think we've discussed a lot about Hood Park, it's both R&D and manufacturing. So it's going to be our manufacturing place in tthey U.S., eventually. And we have great expectations from that.  So now regarding tthey -- what can I say, optimization of tthey workforce, absolutely. Now we will look at ttheyse things very close. And we believe that wtheyn we actually prove through couple of acquisitions, as you know, ttheyre always things that ttheyy can be a little bit better. I think Kevin, talked about ttheir in tthey last couple of calls. And we both continued monitoring tthey situation, how much we spent versus what we actually get out of it?  Now, since we produce so many wonderful products, why we don't have actual sales? That's not true. We have sales, and we did talk about it. Tthey question is why we don't have more sales? Tthey fact of tthey matter is that we have relatively expensive products, a product that ttheyy go, as we said before, to people that ttheyy do want tthey environmental advancement that we get from ttheym, plus, we have -- we're selling to places that in addition to environmental advantage, tthey total cost of ownership, if you will, is favorable. And ttheyse are not tthey most advanced place, actually ttheyy're development world places. So wtheyn we need to do, as I said before, is we need to keep on dropping tthey price keep on making more of ttheyse things. And we think in due course, our sales will come up.  Now regarding tthey Kozani location, I think I did talk about it. We bought tthey site, we're ready to go. Second car manufacturer, we cannot talk about it because ttheyy don't allow us but, do your own due diligence, ttheyy will stick with ttheir. We don't have much update on tthey hydrogen to have tthey U.S. we just need to know update ttheyre so far. But in our opinion, overall, that's why we're talking a little bit more about tthey long-term. If ttheir is happening, hydrogen is happening, it's going to happen in Europe mostly, and tthey U.S. is going to follow because of geopolitical reasons as well.  So that's why we're excited to be in electrolysis, that's we're excited to actually finally have ttheir kind of brand names, working with us, been excited to work with us. So I think ttheir is a matter of time.  I did answer tthey question about tthey Honey Badger. For aviation, yes, we do have a lot of discussions. We're going to again announce some good things wtheyn we can announce ttheym. And for tthey electrolysis, yes, we believe very much in tthey alkaline membrane electrode, as you will see, again, tthey technology of tthey future. It combine tthey two, it combines PEM and alkaline. We have very, very good take ttheyre on our state but we have very, very good take. Thanks to tthey efforts that ttheyy've been having in tthey last few years. Wtheyn we saw that green hydrogen is going to grow at that rate, we're talking -- it's an amazing rate. In my opinion, it reminds us a little bit well, how tthey internet was in tthey late-90s. People say it's going to grow at 10,000%. And some people believe it, and some people say, no, it's not gong to happen. So that's what we believe now with green hydrogen also. Ottheyr people say, no, no, it's not going to happen. And we say, yes, yes, it's going to happen and it's going to be massive. Okay, so we have very, very good technology ttheyre as well. And we're ready to actually, make commercial products from that.  In tthey meantime as well, we are, of course, looking at tthey existing technologies. Because ttheyre is ttheir demand for capacity, if you will. And ttheyre's a lot of demand for today's product, so that we do have our strategic discussions in place, and we will announce ttheym I guess in tthey appropriate time.  So with that, I think we're ready to conclude. I don't know Kevin, if you want to say something more? Kevin Brackman  No. I think that wraps up tthey call today. And we appreciate everybody joining us. Vasilis Gregoriou  Yeah, thank you very much. Bye, bye. Operator And again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.