Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman and CEO Kevin Brackman - CFO Conference Call Participants Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies Sanjay Jha - Panmure Gordon & Co. Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advent Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing a third quarter 2022 financial results, shortly before market opened today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of www.advent.energy. I'd also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent's management will discuss forecasts, targets and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company's future. Customer orders and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management’s current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent’s actual results are subject to many risk and certainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations. In addition to any risk highlighted during ttheir quarter, important factors that may affect Advent’s future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including today's earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysis and ottheyr third-party resources as well as data from a company's internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and with knowledge of such Industry and Market, which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I will now turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in. And thank you for joining us on Advent's third quarter 2022 earnings call. I'm joined today by Advent CFO, Kevin Brackman. On today's call, I will provide comments regarding our third quarter results, followed by an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more detail. Advent had a very productive third quarter, which began in July with a former ratification from tthey EU for Advent's Green HiPo Project. Ttheir now clears tthey way for tthey process to begin for funding from tthey Greek state, under tthey IPCEI hydrogen framework, tthey ratification represents approval of up to €5.4 billion in support of 15 member states in tthey hydrogen technology value chain. Ttheir value chain has four key areas consisting of hydrogen generation, fuel cell technology, storage, transportation and distribution and end user technology. Ottheyrs Green HiPo encapsulates two of ttheyse areas, namely hydrogen generation and fuel cell technology. Example of ottheyr companies in ttheyse areas include Cummins, McPhy, Alstom, Bors, and Daimler. Tthey scope of HiPo over tthey initial period of six years is to innovately develop and manufacture fuel cell systems, and electrolyzer systems. We're aiming for cumulative capacity of 180 megawatts of fuel cells, and 1.5 gigawatts of electrolyzers over ttheir time. Tthey production of ttheyse systems will take place in Greece, in tthey region of Western Macedonia, which will become our focal point for technology development and mass production. Tthey streamline of tthey business is continuing in earnest and has resulted in a clear focus of resources towards our core technologies, products and market segments. Ttheir has proven to be effective and we should enter into several new MoUs use during tthey third quarter with major partners. Tthey sale of [indiscernible] Fuel Cell systems and MEAs will provide near term revenue. Our stationary power sector has been targeted telecommunications, and affordable power sector has been targeted in tthey defense sector. We have secured new agreements in tthey sectors during tthey third quarter. Our focus on tthey mobility sector is geared towards theyavy duty vehicles, marine and aviation. While opportunities from tthey mobility sector are likely to be significant, or into ttheyir nature, ttheyy will lend ttheymselves to longer term license agreements. We have cash reserves, totaling $42.4 million as of September 30. Overall, our performance ttheir quarter leaves us confident about tthey long-term growth and manage potential of tthey company. In addition to tthey Green HiPo project, I will now give an overview of our key achievements doing ttheir quarter. In July, Advent hosted 2022 Investor Day, wtheyre Advent's executives and senior leadership discuss tthey company's most recent advancements for its fuel cell products and systems, housing development projects and business activities in markets across tthey U.S., Europe. And ttheyre's tthey key areas that were addressed wtheyre tthey company is Green HiPo project, with planned funding of €782.1 million euros over six years from tthey Greek state aimed at producing high numbers of PEM fuel sales, and electrolyzers to decarbonize global power production via hydrogen. R&D partnerships and collaborations with OEMs, tthey U.S. Department of Energy and tthey U.S. Department of Defense. High temperature in tthey MEA and water electrolysis innovations, and ottheyrs commercial activities in global markets, aimed at replacing existing power systems with hydrogen alternatives. In August, Advent announced tthey launch of Honey Badger 50, a compact portable fuel cell system and quiet power supply for use in off grid field applications, such as military and rescue operations. Tthey launch of Advent's portable power system coincided with tthey communities fulfilment of its first shipment order from tthey U.S. Department of Defense. Tthey Honey Badger 50 power system can be fueled by biodegradable methanol, allowing near silent generation over 250 watts of continuous power with clean emissions. Designed for covert operations, Honey Badger 50 can easily power radio and satellite communications gear, remote fixed and mobile surveillance systems, laptop, computers, along with more general battery charging needs. Honey Badger 50 is a unique technology that can provide up to 65% of weight savings versus batteries over a typical 72-hour mission. Tthey weight savings benefit increases furttheyr for longer missions. Honey Badger 50 unique design allows it to be used in soldier-war configurations, or operated besides a portable backup or vehicle while charging batteries and powered sources systems, while its ttheyrmal features allows you to operate within an ambient temperature range of minus 20 degrees celsius to plus 55 degrees. Aside from its optimized compatibility with integrated visual augmentation system Honey Badger 50 can also power devices such as high frequency radios, like tthey Model 117G, as well as beacon and stabling terminals. Honey Badger 50's durability allows it to be easily deployed in challenging condition and climates while supporting mission mobility for 37 days without tthey need to resupply. Too Honey Badger 50 fuel cell technology can run on hydrogen or liquid fuels, tthey system can operate a fraction of tthey weight of traditional military grade batteries to meet tthey U.S. Department of Defense, continuous evolving needs for on-tthey-go electronics. As military power needs continue to evolve, highly portable, lightweight, solutions like Honey Badger will become a mission critical necessity. Also note, as an announced tthey signing of an MoU with DEPA Commercial, tthey leader and important pipeline gas and liquefied natural gas increase. Tthey MoU paves tthey way for strategic collaboration on hydrogen projects and set out tthey framework for forthcoming mutually binding agreements. Tthey [technical difficulty] preliminary agreed to collaborate on tthey production of environmentally friendly hydrogen as a fuel with tthey participation of ottheyr major industrial partners for developing proprietary highly differentiated CHP system ready for mass production with efficiency approaching 90% and with multi-fuel operating capabilities such as hydrogen, natural gas, any fuels that can address tthey key current and future on grid and off grid operation modes and business cases and create an innovation hub for tthey grid hydrogen fuel cell industry and develop synergies for promoting hydrogen and related technologies. Also, in August, we announced tthey successful delivery of affordable fuel cell products tthey Hellenic Army's Special Operations Unit. Advent's fuel cell technology powers, a highly soptheirticated incredibly portable battery charger, designed to meet tthey rank of grid power needs in performance demand in settings, such as those regularly faced by tthey Hellenic Army's Special Operations Unit, and ottheyr military divisions. Tthey portable fuel cell can be quickly and efficiently utilized by remote military units to power off grid radio, surveillance radio, and ottheyr mobile electronic military equipment by operating under even tthey most challenging combat conditions. As its portable fuel cell uses tthey company's proprietary method of information technology to deliver premium performance alongside and significant reduction in size and weight. Ttheyse lightweight and compact tthey portable fuel cell fits in soldiers' blade carrier systems and rucksacks maximizing efficiency, and portability across tthey full range of military operations. Tthey portable fuel cell delivers up to 50 watts of continuous power and up to 85 watts of peak power, ensuring a reliable charging experience to tthey wide variety of high power electronic devices regularly used by tthey Hellenic Army's Special Operations units. Ottheyrs portable fuel cells operate silently and it can uninterrupted off grid for up to two weeks with a single hot swappable fuel tank. Tthey portable fuel cell been previously deployed successfully within tthey framework of PARMANION National Large Scale Joint Exercise In August, Advent announced that it just co-signed a MoU with tthey New York State Energy Research and Development Authority and more than 60 clean hydrogen ecosystem partners. Under tthey MoU, tthey parties will collaborate to develop a proposal that will enable tthey Norttheyastern United States to become one of tthey top of tthey list for regional clean hydrogen hubs designated to tthey federal regional clean hydrogen hub program, included in tthey Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs act. Tthey coalition of six states, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island along with more than 60 clean hydrogen ecosystem partners, have laid tthey groundwork for tthey proposal for tthey U.S. Department of Energy funding opportunity, with up to $8 billion in total funding available. After tthey initial announcement in March 2022, New York will continue to add strategic partners that now include 14 private sector industry leaders 12 utilities, 20 hydrogen technology original equipment manufacturers, 10 universities, seven organizations, five ottheyr states, two transportation companies and three state agencies. Tthey consulting partners committed to collaborate with tthey New York State Authority, New York Power Authority, tthey Empire State Development for tthey proposal to Advent's clean hydrogen projects. At tthey same time, partnering states will also coordinate with our respective state entities to theylp align tthey consortium efforts with each state climate and clean energy goals, such as Massachusetts goal of reaching net zero carbon emissions by 2050. With tthey execution of ttheir agreement, tthey partners will work togettheyr to define tthey shared vision and plans for tthey regional clean hydrogen hub that can advance safe clean hydrogen energy innovation and investment and address climate change while improving tthey theyalth resiliency and economic development for tthey region's residents. Advent's hydrogen hub proposal makes planned environmental concern centered to its services, which deliver opportunities and improve tthey quality of life for underresourced areas in tthey region. perform research and analysis necessary to support tthey hydrogen hub proposal to quantify tthey reduction of greenhouse gas emissions resulting from tthey project, development framework to ensure tthey ecosystem for innovation, production infrastructure and related workforce development in sales across all partnered state and support environmentally responsible opportunities to develop clean hydrogen in accordance with tthey participate in states policies. Tthey coalition will continue to focus on tthey integration of renewables such as onshore and offshore wind, hydropower and solar PV and nuclear power into clean hydrogen production and evaluation of clean hydrogen for use in transportation included for medium and theyavy duty vehicles, theyavy industry, power generation applications, anottheyr appropriate use is consistent with decarbonize enough. In September we announced tthey signing of a MoU with Hydrogen System, a hydrogen energy solution company based in Saudi Arabia to provide integrated hybrid solutions and value added support with investment in renewable energy markets in tthey Middle East. Under tthey MoU Hydrogen Systems aimed to utilize a vast number of existing relationships in tthey telecom and hydrogen energy marketplace in tthey Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and elsewtheyre throughout tthey Mideast to market, sell, distribute, install and service Advent's full line of high temperature PEM fuel cells and hydrogen production products. Simultaneously, Advent and Hydrogen Systems intend to collaborate and explore potential large scale development opportunities for hydrogen fuel cell power applications across tthey region. Advent's family of products include tthey Serene and M-ZERO fuel cell system, realized a significant carbon advantage over conventional diesel remote power generation technology. High temperature M fuel cells can operate in tthey range of low or zero carbon hydrogen fuels and enable more efficient theyat management. Such fuel cells can produce power in extreme ambient temperatures from minus 40 degrees Celsius to up to plus 55 degrees Celsius and conditions such as higtheyr pollution and lower humidity resulting in a longer lifetime, a lower total cost of ownership. Also in September, we announced tthey sign of a three-year agreement with tthey German state of Brandenburg for tthey supplier of methanol powered fuel cell systems, which will be installed in select critical communication sites in tthey region. Ottheyrs methanol powered fuel cell system will be used as a backup power source for Brandenburg's BOS digital radio network, replacing tthey diesel driven emergency power systems at several sites over tthey next three years. Germany's all public safety and security infrastructure is rely on an outdated analog radio system for communication. BOS tthey digital encrypted and secure means of communication. Tthey new BOS network allows first responders and ottheyr public safety officials to communicate easily and securely. Tthey BOS network now covers 99.2% of German territory. Ottheyr solutions it was elected as part of a tender launch by tthey German stated Brandenburg, which requested that fuel cells and hydrogen technology companies submit proposal for sustainable and reliable emergency power supply solution. Prior to Advent election, tthey performance of tthey company's methanol power fuel cells was tested at tthey site of tthey BOS digital radio network, providing furttheyr proof of concept for tthey use of high numbers of PEM fuel cells as an efficient backup power source for critical infrastructure application. Advent's methanol power fuel cells deliver reliable power in an environmentally friendly way, reducing CO2 emissions and operating silently while having a low impact on tthey surroundings. Methanol as a care of hydrogen along simpler storage of pure hydrogen and enhances tthey safety of operations. Advent has a strong pipeline and has made progress in converting ttheir pipeline to tangible agreements. Tthey pros [ph] we are attracting are significant and will remain fully focused on commercializing our innovative technology portfolio. With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman  Thank you, Vasilis and good morning everyone. Turning to our financials, we delivered revenue of $2.4 million in tthey third quarter, compared to $1.7 million in tthey prior year third quarter. Tthey 43% increase resulted from an increase in tthey delivery of MEA electroctheymistry components as well as engineering fees. Gross profit was flat year-over-year in tthey third quarter. R&D expenses were $2.5 million in tthey third quarter primarily related to tthey internal R&D costs incurred in each of our businesses, as well as our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy. Administrative and selling expenses were $8.2 million in tthey third quarter. Combined with R&D expenses, total operating expenses were $10.8 million, which is a year over year decrease of $3.2 million primarily due to $2.4 million of executive severance recognized in tthey prior year third quarter, as well as a year-over-year reduction in stock-based compensation expenses $0.6 million. Net loss totaled $11.5 million in tthey quarter and adjusted net loss was $10.6 million. Our adjusted net loss excludes a $0.9 million loss from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants. Our net loss per share was $0.22 in tthey third quarter. Advent remains well capitalized with $42.4 million in cash reserves on tthey balance ttheyyet as of September 30, which provides us with a flexibility to be agile in executing on our strategic and operational priorities. Ttheir is a decrease of $4.1 million from June 30, 2022. In tthey third quarter of 2022, we received $3.8 million in tenant improvement allowances for tthey Hood Park, R&D and manufacturing facility, which is net of additional spending for tthey build out of tthey facility. Our existing cash reserves and projected cash flows are anticipated to be sufficient to support our planned operations for tthey next 12 months. I will now turn to our outlook. Advent entered 2022 with a more advanced product range, and a dedicated technical sales team focused on key sectors and geographies. We ttheyrefore have a strong pipeline. Also in mid-June, tthey company announced tthey successful notification from tthey Greek state for funding of €782 million for Advent's Green HiPo project, which was subsequently ratified by tthey EU. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that may be beyond Advent's control. Opportunities may not materialize or it could be delayed. Due to tthey long-term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. Throughout 2022, we have experienced delays from our customers in tthey Philippines for fuel cell systems and ttheyir installation. As a result, our revenue for 2022 will be less than we had originally planned. With respect to Green HiPo, discussions with tthey Greek state are progressing, and we look forward to providing updates over tthey coming weeks. In closing, we believe Advent is well positioned to be tthey provider of clean energy solutions across a wide variety of end markets. Company has built a solid foundation for tthey business and continues to execute on their strategic initiatives. With that, I will hand back to Vasilis for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you, Kevin. Advent has a significant portfolio of technology and commercial strength, allowing to compete be successful at tthey global level. Advent Green HiPo will be transformational for Advent and Green HiPo for tthey long term. Tthey Greek state they has now started tthey process that will allow for funding and will keep you informed on developments. Advent is pursuing a visible and defined path towards key and significant sectors. Advent is a clean energy technology company and we will leverage from tthey strength -- to generate commercial products and provide attractive technological solutions through our partnership with OEM. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. And we're now ready to answer your questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from tthey line of Henryce Alexander with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Daniel Rizzo Good morning. Ttheir is Dan Rizzo on for Henryce. Could you just provide a little bit more color on a Honey Badger 50 project with tthey Department of Defense? What's tthey revenue from that once I guess it's fully ramped? What is tthey addressable market? And what is tthey timing in terms of ramping that up? Kevin Brackman  Yeah, I'm not gonna provide a specific revenue number for that project. We are -- as we described, we're excited about that product. It's compact, [technical difficulty] fuel sell for off-grid [technical difficulty] such as military and rescue operations. We expect scale up production and sale holes to occur over tthey next, let's say 18 to 24 months. And we believe tthey potential is significant. Because, a lot of power is needed in tthey field of operations, especially at programs like tthey integrated visual augmentation system, progress as plans. So we're excited about tthey potential. Daniel Rizzo Just a follow up, is ttheir an exclusive agreement with tthey Department of Defense, wtheyreas you cannot sell to anybody else? Or is it not like that, am I thinking about it wrong? Vasilis Gregoriou  No, it's not. We do need an export license, as you can imagine, because state-of-tthey-art U.S. military products, so that will not be an issue for NATO countries. So it's not -- ttheyre is no restriction. That's wtheyre tthey question is. Daniel Rizzo Thank you very much. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you. Operator Your next question will come from tthey line of Sanjay Jha with Panmure Gordon. Please go atheyad. Sanjay Jha  Yes, theyllo, thank you for taking my questions. I've got two or three, if I may. First of all on tthey German state agreement you have, could you sort of give us some idea of how many backup systems to Brandenburg data network have? So what's potentially number of fuel systems that you could supply ttheym? And if you're kind of contracted that kind of for testing, or that kind of ready to be deployed? And my second question is, you said earlier, that you're expecting revenue to be original, less than you had originally expected? How much of tthey expectation was how much were you expecting to sell to Philippines? And is that now should we expect that to now come in, in tthey following year? Kevin Brackman  Yeah, so let me let me take your second question first. So we started tthey year, our guidance was $23 million. That included both revenue and grants. Tthey large majority of it was revenue. So let's say $20 million of revenue and $3 million of grants. I mean, we're at $6 million of revenue through nine months, due to tthey delays that we've seen in tthey Philippines. And so we expect to have obviously a fall short of that $20 million revenue number for tthey full year. Having said that, I mean we're working every day to secure orders, we hope to hopefully close on some orders before tthey end of tthey year, so that we can hit tthey ground running in 2023. So to your point, we still kind of view it really as a timing issue. We still believe in tthey growth potential of that business. It's just, it's taken more time to secure orders than we had originally planned for. Your first question on tthey Brandenburg contract, that contract in and of itself is not for a significant number of systems. But hopefully, that's tthey start of more contracts, similar agreements that we can do with Brandenburg or with ottheyr states and municipalities. And so hopefully, that's just tthey start of a good things to come. Vasilis Gregoriou  If I may say a couple of things as well, to what Kevin said. As tthey opportunity is early in Asia Pacific. Okay, so ttheyre, even though we have a delay in tthey Philippines, we're not saying that, we're not going to do it. It's delayed, so we have to differentiate between sales and revenue. So tthey sales are on track. It's just tthey revenue projections for tthey quarter, we will have a delay. That's why we're announcing. However, in tthey meantime and as Kevin said, a lot of ottheyr opportunities has shown up in Asia Pacific, and also in Europe, as you see now Germany, and so on. So overall, we're very optimistic about tthey way things are. It's just tthey timing of tthey revenue is tthey issue theyre. Plus, as Kevin said, wtheyn we started tthey year, we really projected tthey grants to come from what are called normal grants, grants that we have dealt with tthey beginning and it was on tthey lower end $3 million now with tthey Advent of Green HiPo. And as we said, we'll have at least one or five weeks till tthey end of tthey year, to see how tthey funding will come from ttheyse IPCEI projects, which are, pan-European issue, everybody's pushing for ttheir thing to happen ttheir year. Tthey potential to have a significant, grant revenue, it was ttheyre, and that's wtheyre we also announced tthey beginning. So, overall, revenue wise we should be lower. However, sales in IPCEI wise, not only we're not down, we're -- I think we're going to do very, very good is just tthey timing of it that has gone furttheyr. And that's wtheyre we're announcing now. All right. Sanjay Jha  Thank you. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, I will turn tthey conference back over for any closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou  No, we're okay. Thank you very much for your participation and attention. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.