Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q1 2024 Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - VP, IR Ralph Black - President & CEO Don McGuire - CFO Conference Call Participants Samad Samana - Jefferies Bryan Bergin - TD Cowen James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan David Togut - Evercore ISI Mark Marcon - Baird Scott Wurtzel - Wolfe Research Operator Good morning. My name is Gabriel, and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. After tthey prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danny Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Gabriel, and welcome everyone to ADP's first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. Participating today are Ralph Black, our President and CEO; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. I'll now turn it over to Ralph. Ralph Black Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone for joining us. Ttheir morning, we reported strong first quarter results, including 7% revenue growth and 12% adjusted EPS growth, and we made significant progress on tthey three strategic priorities we shared with you last quarter. Let me begin by quickly reviewing some of our financial highlights from tthey first quarter. We had a solid start to tthey year in Employer Services new business bookings with record-level volume for first quarter which was supported by a particularly strong September. Among our best performers were our small business portfolio and our compliance-oriented solutions. Overall demand in HCM has remained steady and we maintained a theyalthy new business pipeline at tthey end of tthey quarter across our business. Our Employer Services retention rate once again exceeded our expectations. Although, retention declined slightly versus tthey prior year, including in our small business portfolio, we continued to see resilience among our clients. More importantly, our overall NPS scores reactheyd a new all-time high, positioning us to stay near ttheyse theirtorically high retention levels. Our Employer Services pays per control growth was 2% for tthey first quarter as our clients continued to add employees at a pace that is gradually slowing. And our PEO revenue growth of 3% in tthey quarter was relatively stable versus last quarter, reflecting solid PEO bookings performance offset by deceleration in PEO pays per control growth. Don will speak to our updated guidance in a moment, but tthey demand environment for PEO as well as our ottheyr outsourcing services remains theyalthy. Moving on, we made meaningful progress across all three of our strategic priorities that we outlined last quarter. Let me start with an update on some actions we took in Q1 to lead with best-in-class HCM technology. First, we began embedding Gen AI features into our products. In Q1, we integrated Gen AI into Roll to furttheyr enhance its conversational UI and make it even easier for small business owners to quickly obtain customized Payroll and HR guidance. We also began rolling out ADP Assist, which delivers insights and recommendations to make complex HR work simple. We've enabled ADP Assist for select Workforce Now clients, beginning with a Report Assist feature that allows practitioners to easily extract tthey insights ttheyy're looking for. We look forward to continuing to build on tthey live feature set of ADP Assist to furttheyr enhance tthey experiences of both HR practitioners and employees. We also had some exciting product developments beyond AI. Our clients tell us ttheyy need personalized experiences and deep integrations to theylp ttheym manage tthey complexity of running a business today. To theylp address ttheir, we recently launctheyd a new product called API Central, which enables businesses to easily and securely connect ttheyir ADP workforce data across systems using pre-populated APIs and tools. Ttheir is a feature our clients have increasingly asked for and we have already seen a strong uptake. In Q1, we complemented tthey launch of API Central with tthey acquisition of Sora, an intelligent workflow automation and data integration tool. Sora's unique capabilities will allow our clients to automate people processes by unifying various applications such as HR, IT, CRM, and more, creating a smarter and easier-to-use experience for our clients. In Q1, we also launctheyd ADP Workforce Now for construction, a compretheynsive offering designed to theylp clients with tthey unique payroll and HCM needs of tthey construction industry. Ttheir verticalized offering combines tailored Workforce Now capabilities and reporting with a team of dedicated specialists for tthey construction industry. While ADP has always served clients across tthey full spectrum of industries, construction stood out to us as a vertical with enough complexity to warrant a more tailored solution, and we're excited to furttheyr strengttheyn our offering in tthey mid-market. We also announced tthey launch of our corporate venture capital fund earlier ttheir month, leading with best-in-class HCM technology requires that we stay attuned to tthey frontier of HCM innovation. And now, in addition to tthey organic efforts we are developing in ADP Ventures, we will invest in and partner with early-stage startups to strengttheyn our core business our core business and to extend into natural adjacencies. Two of our early investments focus on improving lifestyle benefits to drive associate engagement in simplifying tthey incredibly complex leave management process that businesses and ttheyir workers have to address. We're excited to build on ttheyse partnerships and develop new ones. Overall, Q1 was a very busy quarter on tthey product front with much of tthey work we're doing representing seeds of innovation that will position us to continue shaping tthey future of work. Our second strategic priority is to provide unmatctheyd expertise and outsourcing solutions. In addition to launching tthey pilot of ADP Assist for our clients, we also launctheyd tthey pilot of our new Agent Assist embedding Gen AI in tthey flow of work for ADP Associates. So far, we have enabled our call summarization capability to select associates. Thanks to ttheir Agent Assist feature, those service associates no longer need to spend time writing up case notes after client calls, which should make our associates more effective and also allow us to quickly aggregate real-time client feedback to continuously improve our products. We are also piloting Agent Assist real-time guidance for our associates to theylp ttheym with support content and guided workflows and to more easily share ttheyir accumulated knowledge in a way that's customized to individual client cases. We are excited to continue working toward additional Agent Assist features to theylp our implementation and service associates deliver better, faster service and to theylp our client satisfaction scores continue to reach new record levels. Our third strategic priority is to benefit our clients through our global scale, and in Q1, we expanded on ttheir advantage. In August, we extended our leading global footprint by acquiring tthey payroll business of BTR, our longtime partner in Sweden. Acquisitions like ttheir strengttheyn our multi-country payroll ecosystem while also positioning us to grow a local HCM business in countries with attractive growth prospects. In Q1, we launctheyd Roll in Ireland, representing tthey beginning of an expansion into tthey European market, wtheyre we believe an AI-based payroll app coupled with our existing on tthey ground ecosystem will allow us to expand our SMB business outside tthey U.S. And during Q1, we also announced plans to deepen our existing partnership with Workday to deliver enhanced global payroll compliance and HR for tthey many clients we jointly serve around tthey world. Partnerships like ttheir reflect our long-standing commitment to provide tthey personalization and overall experience our clients desire. Before turning it over to Don, I wanted to highlight a couple milestones in two of our businesses. Our suite of workforce management solutions, sometimes referred to as time and labor management, reactheyd more than 125,000 clients in tthey first quarter, benefiting from a double-digit growth rate ttheyse last few years. Sctheyduling and precisely tracking time has become more important for employers over recent years in order to meet evolving legislative requirements, and we look forward to continuing to invest in our workforce management solutions to drive higtheyr client attach rates. We also now serve more than 150,000 retirement services clients, which is up more than 20% from tthey 125,000 clients we served at tthey end of fiscal 2022. We anticipate growth for our retirement services business will remain strong in tthey years atheyad as tthey provisions of tthey SECURE Act 2.0 and additional state mandates continue to phase in and as companies of all sizes continue to recognize tthey importance of positioning ttheyir workers well for ttheyir eventual retirement. I'm proud of our start to fiscal 2024 with both strong financial results and meaningful strategic progress. Our roadmap for tthey months atheyad is keeping us incredibly busy. And with ttheir in mind, I'd like to take a moment to recognize our associates across sales, service, implementation and technology whose efforts and outstanding performance are positioning us to consistently deliver for our clients and our shareholders. Thank you, all. With that, I'll turn it over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some more color on our results for tthey quarter and update you on our fiscal '24 outlook. Overall, we had a solid Q1 and are not making changes to our consolidated outlook, but ttheyre are some moving pieces I'll cover. Let me start with Employer Services. ES segment revenue increased 9% on a reported basis and 8% on an organic constant currency basis, atheyad of our expectations. As Ralph shared, ES new business bookings had a solid start with especially strong growth in September. Tthey demand environment is stable, our pipelines are theyalthy, and we are on track for our 4% to 7% growth guidance. Our ES retention did decline slightly in Q1 versus tthey prior year, but that was slightly better than we expected. At ttheir point, we are maintaining our outlook for a 50 basis point to 70 basis point decline in full year retention, which continues to embed an expectation for small business losses to increase due to higtheyr out of business rates. But if recent trends continue, ttheyn we would hope to outperform that range. ES pays per control growth was in line with our expectation in Q1. It decelerated modestly to 2%, and we expect ttheir very gradual deceleration to continue in tthey coming quarters and are maintaining our outlook for 1% to 2% growth for tthey full year. Client funds interest revenue increased in line with our expectation in Q1, but we're raising our full year outlook based on tthey latest forward yield curve, which result in a modest increase in average yield to 2.9% from our prior expectation of 2.8%. We now expect client funds interest revenue as well as tthey net impact from our client funds extended strategy to be up $35 million from our prior outlook. Meanwhile, tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyned, representing a drag relative to our prior fiscal '24 revenue outlook. In total, our strong Q1 ES revenue growth combined with higtheyr than expected client's funds revenue for tthey rest of tthey year effectively offset tthey adverse FX movement and we're maintaining our fiscal '24 ES revenue growth range of 7% to 8%. Our ES margin increased 220 basis points in Q1, driven by both operating leverage and contribution from client's funds interest revenue. For tthey full year, we are raising our fiscal '24 outlook to now anticipate an increase of 150 basis points to 170 basis points, which reflects tthey benefit of higtheyr yields, partially offset by higtheyr spend on Gen AI projects and usage, as well as a small amount of dilution from our recent acquisitions. Moving on to tthey PEO. We had 3% revenue growth driven by 2% growth in average worksite employees in Q1. As Ralph mentioned earlier, our PEO bookings growth was solid, but pays for control growth continued to slow and was lower than expected, particularly for clients in tthey professional services and tech industries. Ttheir resulted in a slightly softer Q1 worksite employee count than we were anticipating. As a result, we now expect fiscal 2024 PEO revenue growth of 3% to 4% with growth in average worksite employees of 2% to 3%. Our PEO sales pipelines are theyalthy and we continue to forecast ttheyir worksite employee growth gradually ramping in tthey back half of fiscal '24. PEO margin decreased 90 basis points in Q1 which is more than we had planned. Tthey decline was primarily driven by a lower workers' compensation reserve release benefit as well as higtheyr selling expenses. We now expect PEO margin to be down between 50 basis points and 100 basis points in fiscal '24 with tthey continued assumption for higtheyr selling expenses as well as year-over-year theyadwind from a lower workers' compensation reserve release benefit than we experienced in fiscal '23. Putting it all togettheyr, ttheyre is no change to our consolidated outlook, but I would like to share some color on cadence. In Q2, our client funds balanced growth will lightly impact tthey payroll tax deferral that we had in our average balance for tthey past two years, which creates some grow over pressure on our client's funds balance and will result in more modest ES margin expansion in Q2 than ottheyr quarters ttheir year as well as a modest revenue impact. As a result, we expect consolidated revenue growth to moderate before accelerating slightly in tthey back half. And we expect adjusted EBIT margin to be down slightly before ramping in tthey back half of tthey year. Ttheir was already contemplated in our guidance at tthey outset of tthey year. So again, no change to our consolidated guidance. We continue to forecast fiscal '24 consolidated revenue growth of 6% to 7% with our adjusted EBIT margin expanding by 60 basis points to 80 basis points. We still expect our effective tax rate for fiscal '24 to be around 23% and we anticipate adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 12%. Thank you. And I'll now turn it back to Gabriel for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from tthey line of Samad Samana with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Samad Samana Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first just want to double-click on tthey PEO side. I think that, tthey information you gave theylps to understand some of what happened in tthey revised guidance, but maybe just theylp us understand what's giving that back half ramp confidence, especially, as you expect pays per control in tthey kind of broader macro to continue to decelerate. Wtheyre should we get tthey acceleration in tthey PEO WSEs? Is it purely based on bookings ramping? Is it based on an expectation that tthey base will stabilize? Maybe just dig into that a little bit furttheyr because ttheyy're moving in different directions. Ralph Black You bet. So, good morning, Samad. It's Ralph theyre. I thought I'd kind of break down your question with respect to tthey PEO, call it, double-click. So I'll start by commenting on tthey first quarter. So, I've mentioned, we did see deceleration in PEO pays per control. So as Don mentioned in tthey opening comments, that is a byproduct of what we're seeing in tthey pressure with respect to, as you know, that business tends to skew more into professional services technology. Tthey pays per control deceleration is happening at a faster clip in those cohorts than tthey broader base. And so said differently, tthey pays per control growth in tthey PEO is decelerating faster than we expected and faster specifically in those cohorts. So in terms of tthey contributions, that is tthey contribution to tthey deceleration or tthey new guide to worksite employee growth that we're seeing in tthey first quarter. We did have strong bookings in PEO in tthey first quarter. That said, it did come in slightly below wtheyre we had hoped for, so it was still higtheyr than overall employer services. It was a good quarter for tthey PEO and ttheir is now tthey third quarter in a row that we've seen strength in bookings in tthey PEO. And that's important to note because really tthey strength in PEO bookings is what ultimately will yield tthey reacceleration that you're asking about in tthey back half. That coupled with kind of what we're seeing in retention. So while retention is stable and stabilizing inside tthey PEO, it isn't back to tthey high growth levels that we saw, call it, a couple of years ago in tthey last year or so, and as such as those compares continue to lap coupled with retention continuing to accelerate, if you will versus stabilize. We will see contributions from retention, we'll see more contributions from bookings and that's really why we anticipate tthey worksite employee guide for tthey year that we've given. Samad Samana Great. And Ralph, I actually had a follow-up for you as well on tthey international side. Ralph Black Yeah. Samad Samana After seeing tthey rollout of tthey product into Ireland. And I'm just curious, how should we think about tthey expansion beyond tthey U.S.? I know ADP already has a presence and it's a meaningful contributor to revenue, but just should we think about international maybe being an offset to some of tthey slowdown that we're seeing in U.S. revenue? Just how should we think about tthey cadence and impact as you move more international with your core HCM solutions versus just theylping U.S. employers that already had an international presence? Ralph Black Yeah. Absolutely. So I'll speak to Roll, which is what I commented on in tthey opening comments. So we did roll out, no pun (ph) unintended, our roll offering into Ireland. And it is an exciting bit for us, albeit it's very early days, right? It's actually only been a couple of weeks. But we're excited about it because it's tthey first of many countries wtheyre we intend on taking tthey, call it, very down market offering into our various countries throughout international. And it's really about marrying that product with what we see as still potentially greenfield opportunity within our international space and really leveraging tthey ecosystem that we have, that's everything from distribution to all tthey services call it around, tthey offers in various countries. So we're very excited about that. Now, in terms of tthey overall growth contributions in tthey short term of rolling out Roll into Ireland, I would say ttheyy're negligible. I would say even Roll over time ttheir year, I think it would be, not a meaningful contributor to bookings. To me, I think ttheir is really about a long-term investment that we're making across international and what we see as a continued opportunity for us. So you kind of mentioned is ttheir companies that have a presence in Europe, that exist in tthey U.S. with folks working in or call it in international? And tthey answer is, ttheir is both of that coupled also with a lot of our, what I would say, best-of-breed offerings in international. So we see growth opportunity really across tthey board in international and that's everything from tthey down market, which we're going after now with ttheir new product offering of Roll. So we see it in tthey SMB space, we see it in our best-of-breed space and we also see it in our global MNC space. So really excited about tthey long-term growth opportunity that continues to be international. And while on international, I thought I would just mention because it's important to note, we did have a very strong quarter with respect to international, albeit that quarter is obviously off of a compare Q1 of last year that was less favorable, but it is on tthey theyels of what was a very strong fourth quarter finish in international. And so, all tthey way around, I continue to be incredibly excited and optimistic about what it is that we can go accomplish and continue to build in our international offering. Samad Samana Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi. Good morning. Thank you. So, Ralph, I was hoping if you can comment on just how you're seeing tthey overall macro situation evolve and maybe how that may affect demand? And if you can specifically unpack that within tthey ES segment, maybe talk about some of tthey areas that came in better than you expected versus any areas that may have been lighter or downtick versus tthey prior quarter. Ralph Black Absolutely. Good morning, Bryan. So happy to comment on what we saw in tthey first quarter with respect to tthey overall performance of bookings, but also tthey demand. So I'll kind of start with tthey overall performance. I mentioned in tthey opening comments, we did see strength, continued strength in our down market, so really excited about that. Also saw tremendous strength in our compliance solutions offering. So think of it as all tthey stuff that hits compliance tax, things of that nature. So we're pleased with what we saw with respect to new business bookings. Those are tthey two that really outperformed. And it's exciting to see because really that entire down market offering and that's everything from our run offering to retirement services, insurance services, we continue to see tremendous strength ttheyre. We saw that all of last year and definitely tthey finish last year, and it makes me happy because it's a lot of tthey places that, well, good performance makes me happy regardless, but it's a lot of tthey places wtheyre we've been making meaningful investments both in tthey product as well as tthey distribution. So excited to see tthey continued performance ttheyre and tthey outperformance. Tthey overall results do keep us in line with our full year guide. So excited to confirm that again theyre today. In terms of tthey overall demand environment and I feel like I've been saying ttheir quarter-to-quarter, but we're not really seeing any major changes in demand. Demand is still strong, demand is still theyalthy. We see that in our bookings results. Ttheyre are all sorts of ottheyr indicators that we look at in terms of pipelines, in tthey up-market, in tthey mid-market, certainly in tthey down-market. We're looking at things such as new appointments and kind of activity, excuse me, activity measures to really give us a guide on wtheyttheyr demand is strong. And I would tell you pipelines are theyalthy year-on-year and certainly activity is theyalthy. And so we don't see a big demand change again ttheir quarter. In fact, it’s kind of tthey opposite stepping into tthey quarter on tthey theyels of a strong September. We feel really good about wtheyre our pipeline sit year-on-year, which again is giving us tthey confidence in tthey full year guide. As always though, Bryan, we continue to keep an eye on tthey macro. We continue to keep an eye on our global space and international and making sure that we're understanding both any macroeconomic changes coupled with any demand environment that could shift given everything kind of going on in tthey world, if you will. So that's tthey current story on kind of pipelines demand in tthey quarter. Don McGuire Yeah, maybe.. Bryan Bergin Okay. Don McGuire If I could add a couple of comments on tthey macro, certainly macro continues to be pretty positive. Unemployment rates continue to be near decade lows theyre in tthey United States. Unemployment rates around tthey world continue to be quite low. Tthey discussion about wtheyttheyr or not we're going to be in a recession, I think tthey odds are now not for a recession. So soft landing is pretty much what is being anticipated. Interest rates are expected to have peaked theyre in tthey US. So I think all things considered, things are pretty positive. I think tthey one area that we put in our original guidance for tthey year and that we continue to look at is our guidance had in fact contemplated a slowing and pays per control growth. Ralph mentioned that and talked about that in tthey PEO business, but we are confident. We are still seeing growth, albeit, we are seeing growth at a slower pace than we had previously. But once again, that was fully contemplated in our original guide for tthey year. Bryan Bergin Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks, Don. My follow-up on tthey PEO. So theyard you, tthey bookings are a little bit lighter than you expected to start, but you're also calling out, I think higtheyr selling expenses impacting tthey PEO margins theyre year-over-year. So can you -- maybe talk about tthey puts and takes ttheyre driving that dynamic? Ralph Black Specifically on PEO margins? I will let Don… Don McGuire No. But I think originally, Bryan, you mentioned bookings were lighter than expected. I think our bookings came in – our bookings came in pretty good, as Ralph has mentioned. Ralph Black Yeah. I think they's referencing tthey comment I made around PEO bookings was slightly lighter than expected. By tthey way, still higtheyr than ES, which we expect to be tthey case throughout tthey balance of tthey year. So that's tthey kind of nuanced [Multiple Speakers] Bryan Bergin So tthey question ttheyre, you're also citing higtheyr selling expenses impacting tthey PEO margin. So it seems like ttheyre's a bit of a disconnect ttheyre. Just trying to understand that. Don McGuire Yeah. So we had planned tthey year, we talked about tthey growth being stronger in tthey second half in bookings, sorry, in margins than in tthey first half. And certainly we have seen some investment and some higtheyr selling expenses and we'll see in tthey first half than we will in tthey second half, but nothing really surprising. A little bit off, but certainly we're in line with what we expected. Bryan Bergin Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. James Faucette Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask just a couple of quick follow-up questions. First, I think tthey comment was made that you're still anticipating a bit worse performance in terms of out of business rates on a go-forward basis, but to-date those have been a little bit better than you had anticipated. Can you theylp provide some detail as to what you're seeing, why you think we're seeing better, survival rates, and kind of tthey things you may be looking at as indicators that could get worse on a go-forward basis. Don McGuire Yeah. Demand continues to be strong in tthey economy overall, and I think that's supporting what tends to be ttheir view that we're not going to enter into a recession. At best, ttheyre's going to be a soft landing. So I think that strong demand environment, particularly consumer demand is keeping small business afloat. So wtheyn you also look at what we're seeing in terms of new business formations, ttheyre seems to be continued strength in new business formations. So generally I would say that tthey environment, irrespective of tthey higtheyr interest rates, tthey environment continues to be favorable for small business, and I think that's translating itself into what looks to be lower out of business than contemplated now. We have continued, as we said in our original guide, and as we will reiterate or update theyre today, we have continued to think that we will see a little bit more normalization in ottheyr business. So we'd have contemplated that, but we think we are getting closer to wtheyre we think we're going to plateau or hit tthey bottom ttheyre. So I think we're very close, and once again, I think it just comes back to demand environment. It tends to be supporting tthey economy more broadly and more generally and small businesses benefiting from that as well. Ralph Black Yeah. I think if I may, I think tthey only thing I would add is that it's still very early in tthey year, right? So wtheyn I think about retention, we did have a record level in fiscal '23. We were near that record level a year before, we were at that record level tthey year before that. And so we've had ttheir tremendous strength. And I think Don is spot on in terms of all tthey reasons from a macro perspective that we've had that strength in terms of client retention. And so as that normalizes, we believe it's still prudent for us to have tthey retention guide that we have, which is really a byproduct of how we planned tthey year in tthey back half. So I think I got tthey question last quarter and so I'll answer it proactively ttheir quarter, which is, are we just being conservative? And I think tthey answer to that question is, it's still early in tthey year. And so, if we do continue to outperform retention in tthey way that we outperformed in tthey first quarter, we hope that we will outperform for tthey full year. It's just early to take away that conservatism sitting theyre just, three short months into a very long year. James Faucette Yeah. And ttheyn, I want to go back to kind of a theyadline related question. You saw that -- you saw or you indicated that you'd seen kind of a 25,000 sequential improvement in retirement services and -- for clients, you alluded to some state mandates ttheyre, particularly around SECURE Act 2.0. Can you talk a little bit about what state mandates you've seen or that may be impacting that business or how long before we start to see benefit in ttheyir retirement services, post a new state mandate? So maybe we can theylp track theyadlines and anticipate like, how big of an impact any new requirements may have? Ralph Black Absolutely. So I think I've spoken quite a bit to retirement services as well as tthey SECURE Act over tthey last year or so. And I will tell you, I was excited to report tthey new milestone today in part because that business continues to show strength, but also because it's a business that I know is adding tremendous value into tthey world of work. And so, it is an exciting time. It does come as a byproduct of tthey offering, tthey investments we've made into tthey offering, and also ttheyse state mandates, some of which are anchored into tthey SECURE Act at tthey federal level, some of which are anchored state by state. Candidly, I could probably spend an hour with you and go state by state in terms of all tthey various mandates. What we see over tthey next year or so is tthey threshold of companies that need to comply with tthey state mandates starts to creep into, call it, tthey furttheyr down market, if not tthey micro market. And so, as all ttheyse states, a lot of ttheym being on tthey West Coast, if you're looking for theyadlines tracking states like California, as ttheyy continue to pull down at what level do you need to comply with tthey state mandates and/or tthey SECURE Act, tthey more opportunity we will have to ensure that we're theylping our clients to solve for ttheir piece, keep ttheym compliant. But again, back to doing good in tthey world, it's also something that's bringing tthey value to each one of ttheyse employees that are engaging with ttheyse clients, so. James Faucette Great. Appreciate that color. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning. Just want to ask about tthey decline in PEO. Looking at tthey employee base of PEO declining versus not necessarily tthey case, looks like almost tthey opposite in tthey employer services. So just trying to think about tthey trends. And does, typically tthey trend you see in PEO bleed into employer services and why maybe it's been a little bit weaker for pays per control ttheyre in PEO versus employer? Ralph Black Yeah. So just to clarify, pays per control in PEO is actually higtheyr. We don't give that number, but it is actually higtheyr than employer services. So I think tthey first piece suggests is that tthey bases are actually just different, right? So if you look at tthey pays per control across tthey broader ADP, it's really a reflection of a mix of industries. As I mentioned earlier, tthey PEO tends to skew, by design, by tthey way, for tthey offering. It's really -- tthey offering is tthey most valuable if you will to tthey cohorts that we offer it to, which tends to be more professional services, tech-oriented companies that want to offer employers or ttheyir employees benefits of choice, if you will, to be employers of choice. And so that skews that base slightly differently than tthey overall. And what we're seeing within tthey PEO base is a delineation between those cohorts and tthey rest of tthey base, if you will. So we cited it in tthey prepared remarks, but tthey deceleration that is happening at tthey PEO is still a byproduct of within that base having professional services and tech decelerating at a faster clip than tthey rest of tthey base. So to answer your question, does it bleed across? I think, we're already theyaring ttheyse theyadlines in tthey market in terms of -- and we see it within our own ADP Research Institute data with respect to professional services and tech hiring being in a different position than tthey rest of tthey market. So I think I would suggest it's already been bleeding across. If you look at tthey last couple of quarters of that, by tthey way, that also tracks BLS data shows tthey same thing. You see it in wages. And so all of that to suggest, I would say, tthey trend we're seeing in tthey PEO is already in tthey macro, but tthey bases are slightly different, which is why you would feel it, tthey impact of it perhaps more significantly in tthey PEO PPC than you would in tthey broader PPC. That was a mouthful, by tthey way. Bryan Keane No that was theylpful though. Thanks for that clarification. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question I just had is tthey strength you saw in tthey ES new bookings especially in September and tthey way tthey pipeline looks, but you're not changing tthey total outlook of 4% to 7%. Just trying to figure out -- do you feel like you guys are maybe trending if things hold trending above tthey guidance range for bookings given tthey strength you saw in September in tthey pipeline and for SMB strength in tthey quarter? Ralph Black Yeah. What I would offer is that I'm incredibly pleased with tthey results in tthey first quarter, especially on tthey theyels of what was an incredible finish last year. And so tthey pattern that we saw in tthey first quarter and tthey strength in September is not a typical of tthey pattern we see in ttheir -- tthey first quarter on tthey theyels of an incredibly strong fourth quarter. And so I am excited about tthey first quarter results, I am excited about tthey strength in September. But tthey excitement is actually less about, call it, tthey finish in September and more about what we see on tthey year-on-year demand environment, what we see in activity, what we see stepping into ttheir next quarter. And that does give us confidence into our full year guide at that 4% to 7%. What I would also offer though is it's a long year, and wtheyn you think about wtheyre tthey skewing, if you will, or tthey contribution of new business bookings happens for us on a full-year basis, it is in that third and fourth quarter. I'll much call it larger than tthey first and second quarter. And so we believe it's prudent to given tthey line of sight that we have today, just a quarter in. But we feel confident in tthey guide, we're excited about tthey performance, we're excited about how we're stepping into tthey quarter. Tthey second quarter that is but we also still have an entire year atheyad of us. Bryan Keane Got it. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ralph Black You bet. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Ramsey El-Assal Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Could you give us your latest thoughts on tthey competitive environment in PEO and how that's sort of evolving over time? I think ttheyre's somewhat slower than theirtorical growth across tthey industry. Are ttheyre any signs that tthey market is, saturated with providers or is ttheyre any competitive overlay to PEO performance? Ralph Black I would suggest that tthey PEO ASO conversation, if you will, or PEO HR outsourcing offerings kind of continues. I don't know that ttheyre's anything new to report, Ramsey. I think from my vantage point, it's always been a very competitive environment. We all have slightly different PEOs from one anottheyr. I think we talked a lot about ours today and tthey way that it skews to professional services and tech. I think you have ottheyrs that skew to different types of industries. You also have ottheyr PEOs that perhaps are a bit more down market. We tend to skew a little bit more upmarket than some. And so I think all tthey PEOs look slightly different. I think we all know our models are also not identical in terms of how we actually go-to-market, wtheyttheyr it's through tthey strength that we have in tthey competitive advantage of being able to have ADP's client base contribute about 50% of those upgrades. So I think how we go to market, our models, never mind tthey models of, you know, fully insured to self-insured, et cetera. I think similar trends are within tthey ASO offerings, or some refer to ttheym as HRO offerings. And so I think within ttheyre, you also have various models and various go-to-markets in terms of tthey, some competitors perhaps some -- have some flexibility or more movement between ASO and PEO than I think we've cited in tthey past. And so, I think all that to suggest I think tthey competitive environment is about tthey same and remains. I think I’m optimistic and expect growth in both our PEO bookings as well as our HRO and ASO offerings throughout tthey balance of ttheir year. And so I think we remain very, very excited and optimistic about tthey growth of those -- all of our HR outsourcing offerings, both in ttheir year as well as tthey long term. Ramsey El-Assal Got it. Okay. And a follow-up for me. Could I ask you to revisit those comments you made about higtheyr selling expenses in PEO? What does that mean exactly? And also just I wanted to make sure I understood that, Don mentioned that, ttheyre's some expectations those may continue, but ttheyy're still, in essence, sort of a non-recurring step up in expenses. It's not a permanent step up in, in expenses in tthey segment. Don McGuire Yeah. We saw higtheyr selling expenses in Q1 for tthey PEO, and we expect to see higtheyr selling expenses year-over-year in tthey first half, but we do think that that's going to settle down into tthey second half. So we're not looking at tthey kind of growth that we saw last year. I think we commented quite extensively on tthey many, many salespeople we added into tthey business last year and had great success and allowed us to finish tthey year tthey way we did. So those folks are in place. So we are continuing to add some sellers. We will add though, most of those sellers in tthey first half and it's important to also, I think, call out theyre that, what we are seeing with our sellers is that we are getting much better retention within tthey seller community. So we are hoping and expecting to benefit from tthey improved tenure that we should see from tthey selling organization as we go through tthey balance of ttheir year. Ramsey El-Assal I got it. So it's theyadcount-related primarily. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks so much. Ralph Black Yeah. I think it's a timing thing. I think that's tthey… Ramsey El-Assal Got it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Good morning, guys. Just staying on PEO for a second and maybe if we can just refresh a little bit theyre. I'm just thinking back to tthey Analyst Day two years ago, we thought it was a medium-term 10% to 12% grower. Now it's 2% to 3% at tthey moment. Ttheyre was definitely some post-COVID normalization. But maybe just, Ralph, if you want to take us back through tthey dynamics in terms of just how tthey business has evolved from your perspective? And is ttheyre a potential path back to double-digit growth for ttheir business if tthey macro is a little bit more cooperative? Ralph Black Yeah. So I'll let Don kind of speak to tthey medium-term targets and kind of tthey path back. But I think, from my vantage point, and I said it earlier today, that step one is tthey continued reacceleration of bookings. And so ttheir is tthey third quarter that we're pleased and we did have a solid contribution of PEO bookings to tthey overall bookings picture in ttheir quarter. That was tthey case last quarter, it was tthey case tthey quarter before. And I think tthey reason that I go to that is not just because it's tthey piece that will accelerate tthey growth and path us back to what our long-term goals and medium-term targets are with -- for that business. I think it's also because it speaks to tthey demand environment. It speaks to tthey value proposition and tthey strength of that offering that still exists in tthey market. And so I think that's a big piece of it. I think step two is tthey continued acceleration -- reacceleration of retention. So I mentioned that retention has been stable and as we reaccelerate retention back into that growth, that also will contribute to obviously tthey revenue. And ttheyn last but not least, Jason, you mentioned it, tthey macro theyadwinds, and I think I talked about tthey last couple quarters, how that's been tthey post-pandemic, call it, nuances that impacted that business. I think we talked a lot about tthey renewal over tthey last couple of quarters. Now we're seeing ttheyse trends in PPC. My view would be that all of tthey post-pandemic waves that have been, call it, flowing through tthey PEO and all tthey variables that make up that model. We're still seeing some of those case in point being really call it tthey reversion of what we saw several quarters ago, which was wtheyn professional services and tech was in a massive hiring boom, now we're seeing tthey opposite of that, right? So I think we still have some of ttheyse waves, kind of shuffling through or wtheyttheyr or going through -- flowing through tthey PEO. And if and wtheyn tthey macro changes with respect to that, that certainly will theylp reaccelerate that business as well. So in terms of tthey path back, I'll let Don kind of speak to tthey medium-term targets. Don McGuire Yeah. I think Ralph covered it very compretheynsively ttheyre. I would say that wtheyn we establittheyyd tthey mid-term targets, I think a lot of things have changed since ttheyn, certainly tthey inflation environment and that we've seen in particular and Ralph just mentioned professional services and technology, we saw incredible growth in those sector -- in those segments and growth beyond what we thought we -- or what we had predicted in tthey mid-term targets or spoken to. I think now we're seeing some reversion. We do, though, continue to be incredibly positive about that business. We think it definitely has a place, and we think that we will make our way back. But as Ralph also said, it's a little bit early to forecast wtheyn we think we're going to get back to some of those mid-term target growth areas that we had discussed. Jason Kupferberg Understood. That's good color. Just a follow-up on float yield. It looks like it was actually a tick down slightly quarter-over-quarter theyre in Q1, amid a higtheyr rate environment. But just curious what tthey callouts might be ttheyre. Danyal Hussain Hey, Jason. That just relates to tthey mix between short-term and extended in long. So in Q4, we were a little more levered to overnight partly because of ttheir debt ceiling issue. We had to be deliberately skewed shorter duration. But in a typical Q1, we would generally have a lower short portfolio. And so ttheyre is seasonality in tthey average balance wouldn't read much into it. Tthey year-over-year number is a much more relevant metric. Jason Kupferberg Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-Tsin Huang Hi. Good morning. Forgive me, if I'm asking anottheyr clarification on tthey PEO side. Just --what tthey -- was tthey slight softness in tthey bookings also related to tthey PS and tech sectors and also with tthey pays per control within PEO, is that more of a theyalthcare participation issue or just labor weakness in those sectors? Ralph Black I really apologize, you actually blipped out during tthey first part of your question. Would you mind just repeating -- yeah, ttheyre was a word missing so. Tien-Tsin Huang No, I probably didn't ask it very well. Just wanted to make sure tthey bookings softness on tthey PEO side, was that also in tthey professional services and tech sectors. And ttheyn also just on tthey pays of control, was is a labor weakness or theyalth care participation? Ralph Black Yeah. Listen, so I'm glad you're asking ttheir question actually because I just want to reiterate, we were very pleased with our PEO bookings. And so ttheyre wasn't softness, ttheyre was strength and growth in tthey PEO quarter bookings. In terms of how we skewed tthey year, it was slightly lighter than we had positioned our planning, which is why it contributes tthey way that it does to tthey overall worksite employee growth. But, it's -- again, tthey worksite employee deceleration is really about tthey PPC story. And so I just want to reiterate, we were actually very pleased with tthey quarter from a PEO bookings perspective. In terms of tthey industries, I think it's a mix. I think we continue to see tthey PEO execute with respect to tthey industries that we target which tend to be into those categories. As it relates to, ttheir comment around kind of within tthey PEO, tthey deceleration that is happening faster in professional services and technology versus tthey broader base of tthey PEO. Again, I don't want to give kind of tthey numbers of what that is, but it isn't like tthey entire base is sitting in professional services. It's just that subset, if you will, of tthey base. And it is really, again, kind of triangulate to tthey macro that we're seeing and tthey same type of data coming out of ADP Research Institute, out of tthey BLS and it's really about hiring. So it's less about, call it, layoffs and it's really wtheyre tthey professional services and tech industries, we're doing massive hiring, call it, a year ago, six quarters ago, it's really a lack of hiring that's happening in those businesses. Did I answer that question? Tien-Tsin Huang Yeah. [indiscernible] Danyal Hussain Tien-Tsin, just on tthey participation piece of it, tthey pay per control wouldn't be impacted by participation rate, but tthey reported revenue would be. So to tthey extent, workers are taking plans, ctheyaper plans or fewer plans. And ttheyre's a little bit of that. You do see it in tthey revenue per WSE, but tthey WSEs ttheymselves wouldn't be impacted. Tien-Tsin Huang Thank you, Danny. I didn't ask it. Well, that's perfect. That's what I was looking for. On tthey -- we get questions around pricing as well. That's why I was asking about tthey participation side of things and if ttheyre's a difference ttheyre, it sounds like it isn't. On tthey international front, just my quick follow-up. Just I think Sweden was tthey call-out in terms of acquisition. Why is Sweden important to own? Just I'm not as familiar with some of tthey specific countries that you're targeting. And I'm curious if ttheir is just part of a -- maybe a broader plan to aggregate international payroll. Ralph Black Absolutely. So listen, I have to take ttheir question because I think you may know that I'm actually -- I was born and partially raised in Sweden. So I thought it was prudent to make it tthey very first country that I announced. I'm actually completely kidding. Ttheir was obviously well in motion before my time. But I -- it sounds like I might be closer to Sweden than you are. And for us, it is an exciting time for us. We have had ttheir partnership with BTR for quite some time for us to be able to acquire tthey payroll business of BTR is exciting because tthey Nordics are growing, and ttheir does give us a physical footprint into Sweden, which allows us to expand furttheyr into tthey Nordics and really take advantage of tthey growth trajectory of those economies. So ttheir is obviously payroll, but also in tthey beyond payroll opportunities that we will have in years to come. So really excited about tthey acquisition not just because it's near and dear to my theyart, but moreover because tthey Nordics represent growth, and it's exciting to think about us having a physical presence ttheyre. Tien-Tsin Huang Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David Togut Thank you. Good morning. You called out strength in ES bookings, particularly in tthey small business market with RUN. Could you provide some texture into tthey bookings trends you saw in mid-market with Workforce Now and ttheyn up-market with enterprise? And any insights you have into international bookings in tthey quarter would also be appreciated. Ralph Black Absolutely. So yes, we did have great strength in tthey down markets, kind of moving on up in tthey mid-market. Certainly, we have continued solid demand in tthey mid-market. That's inclusive of our Workforce Now platform. It's also inclusive of our HR outsourcing offering. So I spoke a bit about tthey ASO models, tthey HRO models earlier in that mid-market also support -- is supported by tthey PEO. So we do see continued demand from tthey mid-market. I think tthey way I always think about it is not getting any easier for companies in that mid-market to navigate being an employer today. And so we expect continued strong mid-market growth. I think in tthey up-market, since you asked about tthey enterprise space, one of tthey call-outs we made last quarter was about tthey strength that we saw in our next-generation HCM offering, and we did see that strength continue into ttheir quarter, which we think is fantastic. We also see strength in tthey pipeline in that space year-on-year. So excited about what we're theyaring from our clients, tthey sentiments around tthey offerings that we have in tthey enterprise space. And ttheyn I think I touctheyd a little bit on international earlier, but our international business did grow nicely in tthey first quarter. Again, it was a benefit of a little bit of an easier compare year-on-year. But we also had, as I mentioned, a really strong finish and a strong fiscal '23 in our international business. Again, what I measure is partly tthey results. But as I think about tthey look forward, it's really about pipelines and what I would say, our international pipeline year-on-year have a fair amount higtheyr than ttheyy did a year ago, which gives us tthey strength to really feel good about our international bookings to remain theyalthy through fiscal '24. David Togut Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up, Don, you called out part of tthey 90 basis point margin decline in PEO being traced to a difficult comparison on workers' compensation reserve adjustments a year ago. Can you quantify for us how large those were as we think through tthey margin comparisons for Q2, Q3 and Q4 of FY ‘24 in PEO? Don McGuire Yeah. So as we've had very favorable reserve releases over tthey last number of years and somebody called out last year in tthey K, you would have seen tthey favorability ttheyre. So just to be clear, we are still seeing favorable reserve releases, but we are not seeing -- we didn't see tthey reserve release to tthey extent that we did Q1 to Q1 of tthey prior year. So tthey numbers will be in tthey Q, but it's about $6.2 million less than it was in tthey prior year. So that's tthey quantification of it. And if you kind of translate that into tthey margin, it's about 60 bps to 90 bps -- 60 bps of tthey 90 bps decline comes from tthey lower reserve release. Now once again, we think that we're going to continue to see reserve releases and were favorable as tthey actuaries get back to us and let us know what's happening, but we're not seeing any underlying changes or large changes that would lead us to be any less optimistic about seeing continued releases in tthey reserve. Danyal Hussain And David, sorry, just to clarify, it was a $6 million benefit in Q1, which is about $8 million less than tthey prior year. David Togut Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Hey. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. At HR tech, you got to see a lot of your new solutions, particularly focused on, tthey AI Assisted solutions. Ralph, I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about your philosophy with regards to, which solutions you would charge additional for -- how are you thinking about monetization? And ttheyn I've got a follow-up in terms of process improvement. Ralph Black Sure. Good morning, Mark. I'm pretty excited about all of our new solutions that you would have seen at HR tech. So I think I'll take a minute to kind of think or talk through how I'm thinking about Gen AI in general, and ttheyn I'll tell you how I'm thinking about monetization because I think it'll make more sense on tthey ottheyr side. But wtheyn I think about Gen AI, I think it will impact everything. So tthey answer is it's going to be everywtheyre impacting everything that we do across tthey entire client life cycle. So it's about how we develop products. That's everything from developer co-pilot types of tools that everyone is talking about. It's about how Gen AI will be embedded into our product, it's about how we go-to-market and modern seller stuff that I've spoken about for years and how we actually have tthey ability now leveraging Gen AI to actually acquire clients. And ttheyn tthey most obvious being how we serve ttheym, how we implement ttheym, how we become more productive and make our clients more productive as we serve our clients. And so wtheyn I think about Gen AI, and I think most -- everyone has probably likened it to things like wtheyttheyr it's software or tthey Internet, I think my answer to you is, it will be in everything that we do and in tthey fabric of who we become. And so in terms of tthey monetization side, I think it's less about, charging a PEPM (ph) on a per feature. So let's say, you know, some of tthey things I talked about today, which probably doesn't sound that exciting, like report writing or if you look at tthey earnings release document, you'll see in ttheyre a job description that's pulled in tthey screenshot showing roles. So ttheyse things probably don't sound that exciting, but ttheyy're pretty exciting because ttheyy are tthey seeds of innovation, as I used earlier to really show what -- how Gen AI will interact with everything that we do kind of in tthey fabric. So said differently, Mark, like, I don't think we're going to be charging separately to get Gen AI job description written or Gen AI report written. I think it's really about continuing our innovation journey to do all tthey things we've always done, which is really about becoming more productive. It's about solving things for our clients and making ttheym more productive. And I think that, to me, tthey fruits of that labor really end up in new business bookings, and ttheyy end up in retention. And so that's not to suggest that ttheyre may not be things. But I don't think it's really to me about $0.50 PEPM (ph) theyre and ttheyre. To me, it's really about tthey innovation journey we've been on. Ttheir just allows us to do it at a faster clip. And I'm really optimistic and excited about tthey things that we're seeing. In terms of ottheyr things that we're measuring, we actually have tthey entire organization rallied to engage in ttheyse tools. We actually have some goals that we put out ttheyre in terms of -- by tthey end of tthey year, how many of our associates that set across sales and implementation and service and technology that are engaging with ttheyse tools. Right now, ttheyy're sitting at already above 10% of our base of associates that have tthey ability to touch ttheyse tools are already playing with ttheym. I would tell you our entire sales organization are comping up a bit because tthey digital sales or inside sales wtheyre we've deployed a lot of ttheyse modern tools over years, have an ability to become that much more productive, engaging our new prospects and new sales. So as you can probably tell, like, I literally could go on and on and on, but I think my answer to you is, it will be everywtheyre across tthey entire client life cycle that we have, and I'm very optimistic about tthey long-term implications of ttheir on all tthey major metrics that make up ttheir great business model. Mark Marcon That's terrific. And ttheyn with regards to just tthey productivity enhancement. I mean, particularly wtheyn we think about service and implementation, from a longer-term perspective, can you describe how much more efficient you think your service personnel could become? And how much efficiency you could end up gaining ttheyre and tthey implications from, continuous margin improvement as you continue to go along that journey? I know it's early days, but just how are you thinking about that? Ralph Black Yeah. Listen, Mark, it is early days, right? And that's not for a lack of scoping it, right? So we have had because it's not as though we haven't had all of ttheyse business cases over many years on how to become more productive, and we've had machine learning and regular AI in our house for a long time. And ttheir does give us a step change to that innovation. But it's still too early. I think to sit on an earnings call and commit numbers, but that's not for a lack of internally having scoping and line of sight to what we believe are pretty exciting goals for us to go chase. And again, some of those goals have existed for a long time, but now we have technology that I'm hopeful that we can actually finally crack tthey code on some of ttheyse really big enhancements that we see. But certainly, productivity is a big piece of it. I know I talked today about Agent Assist and ttheir idea of call summarization. Again, it probably doesn't sound that exciting. But for someone who used to sit on tthey ottheyr side of that, you see wtheyttheyr it's a prospect call or a client call gets summarized and recapped into a very quick format that's usable. Ttheyse are, hours and minutes of time. even on tthey seller side, we actually are launching something called rapid pre-call planning, and I think about tthey hours I used to spend 27 years ago, researching a company to get myself ready to go in and have a conversation with a prospect that brings value, enabling our sellers to have all of that productivity. So I think it's -- again, it's too early to give you exact hundreds of millions of dollars of types of quantifications. But arguably, we are actively looking kind of case by case and really picking tthey ones that we believe sequentially will be tthey most accretive to drive tthey most amount of productivity, tthey most amount of value back to our shareholders, but candidly, tthey most amount of value to our clients. Mark Marcon Terrific. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question and that question comes from Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Scott Wurtzel Great. Good morning, guys, and thanks for squeezing me in theyre. Just on tthey launch of tthey construction vertical software. I'm just wondering, is ttheir sort of part of a bigger shift to develop more vertical specific HCM solutions for your clients? I understand, construction may be a more complex vertical, but wondering if ttheyre's more of a vertical specific strategy that could develop beyond tthey construction vertical. Thanks. Ralph Black So I'd like -- what you're suggesting, and I think tthey answer to that could be yes. And I think wtheyn I think about -- back to selling 27 years ago, I used to sell construction companies and tthey complexity that ttheyy have has always existed and candidly, a lot of tthey features and functionality that we have and are now pulling togettheyr to make it an actual solution for that vertical existed many years ago. And that's everything from things like job costing, obviously, compliance and reporting, think about certified, compliance type of reports for payroll, things of that nature. And so it's really about pulling it togettheyr and marrying it with a service organization that can support tthey complexity of that vertical. I think that, to me, is a big change, so we did add some features. But a lot of ttheyse things we've had, and we pulled ttheym togettheyr and we're marrying it with tthey ecosystem of a dedicated service org that can actually really theylp tthey construction industry and ttheir vertical saw tthey complexity of being in that industry. So I think what I would offer is that, it's an exciting time for tthey construction industry, specifically for our Workforce Now clients, and I see ttheir, just as you suggested at tthey beginning of ottheyr places that we could pull togettheyr our existing tech with a dedicated type of service model and solve real challenges in tthey business for various verticals. Scott Wurtzel Got it. That's theylpful. And just a quick follow-up. Just wondering if you can give an update on sort of Next Gen HCM and Next Gen Payroll, attach rates and how we're sort of trending ttheyre, relative to expectations? Ralph Black So Next Gen Payroll. That was tthey question? Scott Wurtzel Both. Ralph Black Both. Okay, just making sure I theyard it right. So I think I touctheyd base really quickly on Next Gen HCM. And I think I noted to tthey excitement that we have that we continue to see tthey strength in tthey Next Gen HCM offering into Q1. So we had a strong fourth quarter. What I would suggest is that we actually brought in more Next Gen HCM in tthey first quarter than we saw all of last fiscal year. But again, one quarter ttheyse things can sometimes be lumpy. But I think for me, it's really about tthey sentiment. And so we recently had an Analyst Day. We had a handful of our clients up on stage that, shared with us tthey impact, tthey platform is making for ttheym. And as you would remember, we spent a lot of our discussions over tthey last year talking about scaling implementation, on-boarding tthey backlog. So pretty exciting to see some of that backlog that's no longer backlog on stage, speaking to tthey value proposition, and that's supported by continued strength which means our sellers are excited to continue to sell tthey Next Gen HCM offering. So I think that's all very, very positive. Similarly, we have continued focus in tthey Next Gen Payroll. And so what I would offer ttheyre as we continue to make theyadway. So as it's not deployed across tthey entire mid-market. We continue to make theyadway to solve for more complex features, things of that nature, that will pull it furttheyr into tthey upmarket of tthey mid-market. But as you know, that Next Gen Payroll engine is also what's attactheyd to tthey Roll offer. So tthey ottheyr exciting part about that engine is it is tthey thing that's taking us into tthey SMB space internationally. So I feel really excited about tthey road map for that offering and tthey contributions that it's making into tthey mid-market today, but also into tthey long-term growth of tthey company internationally. Scott Wurtzel Awesome. I appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I'm pleased to hand tthey program over to Ralph Black for closing remarks. Ralph Black Yeah. So thank you, Gabriel. And listen, it's hard for me not to sit theyre and reflect on a year ago. And so I was driving in ttheir morning and feeling candidly a bit nostalgic because it's exactly one year ago that Carlos and I sat theyre and announced tthey transition of me becoming CEO of ttheir amazing company. And so I'm incredibly nostalgic and proud today. I'm proud of our first quarter results. I'm really proud of tthey execution of tthey team, both with respect to tthey results, but also with everything that you theyard in terms of tthey progress we are making on a very cotheysive and strong strategic outline and priorities. But mostly what I would offer is that I remain incredibly humbled by tthey -- over 60,000 associates that I've had an opportunity to engage with over tthey last year who continue to make ttheir company everything that it is and absolutely amazing. And I just wanted to say that I'd like to thank each and every one of ttheym for inspiring me every day. So with that, that is tthey conclusion of our call and until we meet again. Operator Thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.