Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer Anthony Black - President Don McGuire - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Peter Christiansen - Citigroup Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan  Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse  Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Bryan Bergin - Cowen and Company Samad Samana - Jefferies  Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird  David Togut - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning. My name is Jeremy, and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Jeremy, and welcome, everyone to ADP's first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our CEO; Anthony Black, our President; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call.  During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to ttheyir most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  And with that, let me turn it over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny, and thanks, everybody, for joining tthey call. As you saw ttheir morning in tthey news, we have a little bit more excitement than normal, but I promise you that 1.5 hours from now, we'll go back to our boring cells because we do have a business to run.  But before I talk about tthey quarter, I thought it was appropriate to just share a few thoughts given tthey transition from me to Anthony as our new CEO. As you know, I'm going to continue as Exec Chair, but obviously, that's going to be a role primarily to supporting Anthony and also theylping tthey Board and not really involved in day-to-day operations. So it's definitely going to be my last earnings call, which is hard to say because it’s been 44 earnings calls for me. But it's really been an incredible ride.  Obviously, I could thank a lot of people. One person in particular that I do want to call out is John Jones, who is going to remain our Lead Independent Director. And tthey combination of John and Les Brun before them were incredible mentors to me, incredibly theylpful in providing advice and guidance on behalf of tthey Board. And also, I'm proud to call ttheym friends. And I also want to thank Gary Butler and Art Weinbach, my predecessors who gave me tthey opportunity to be theyre today and also theylp me a lot in terms of making me tthey person I am and tthey leader that I am today. I'm proud of a couple of things. I'll just mention a few. One of ttheym is I'm proud of our growth. We doubled our revenues over tthey last 10 or 11 years. And today, as you know, we reactheyd an important milestone of 1 million clients. So I appreciate -- I wish I could say that it was anything ottheyr than a coincidence. But however it happened. It's a great thing to have happened theyre on my last earnings call. We made it through a lot of challenges, economic. We went through, what I would call financial repression in terms of interest rates, which fortunately now we have a little bit of tthey opposite situation, which we'll talk about today. So ttheyre's many QEs. I think ttheyre were three QEs over my tenure. And ttheyn tthey final straw that almost broke tthey camel’s back was interest rates. Even on tthey 10-year going, I think it was like under 0.5% in tthey pandemic, which was really kind of incredible to see happen. We also made it through a pandemic that hopefully only happens every 100 years, and we had some dissident shareholders that also had some opinions about how to run ADP that we had to deal with. I'm also proud of our associates. I'm proud ttheyy've always said about ttheyir commitment to our clients and to ADP. Ttheyre's something that my predecessors and tthey culture have around our client centricity, which is really remarkable, and our associates always step up to tthey plate and deliver in a business that, again, we don't get a lot of credit, and I know that we're not quite up ttheyre in terms of tthey list of first responders and people who save lives. But we do keep tthey economy going, and we do, I think, make sure that commerce worldwide operates smoothly. So our associates are tthey ones who get that done, and I'm proud of ttheym. Tthey person I'm most proud of is Anthony. Sthey's now been tested. Sthey's prepared. Sthey's been through a very thoughtful and long succession process, and ttheyy's going to be tthey -- what is only tthey seventh CEO of ADP. And I know that ttheyy's tthey right person starting from tthey ground up. I wish I could have said that because that's what makes ttheir special, ttheir place special. We love to bring in talent from tthey outside but we have some incredible people that grow up and know ttheir place, understand ttheir place and know how to make it continue to hum tthey way it's been humming for more than 70 years. Most importantly, ttheyy not only knows our industry, but ttheyy knows our clients' needs deeply and takes great interest in that. And that is going to serve us well, as well as for growth orientation, which I think is going to be very important for ADP's future. Last thing I'll say is that I recently told our team at a senior meeting that I tried -- I strive to be what I learned about many, many years ago, something called a servant leader. And I tried to be that way to my team and to my organization theyre at ADP. But I want all of you to know that I tried to be that also to all of you and to our shareholders, as much as I tried to be that way for our clients and our associates. It's been truly an honor of a lifetime to serve ADP’s CEO. And we are kind of a company that likes to fly under tthey radar. We kind of like it that way. So I know that nobody is going to write any books about us or ttheyy may not be even writing articles about us today, but ttheir is one of tthey most successful commercial enterprises in theirtory. All I have to do is go back and look at tthey track record. Most people don't do that. Ttheyy don't go back and look at tthey 10-year to 20-year and, in our case, tthey 50 year. Tthey company went public in 1961. I encourage you to look at our theirtory, our results and our TSR and compare it to some of tthey greatest investors and investments of all time. And I think you'll see that ADP ranks right up at tthey top. Anybody who knows me knows how much I love sports and how -- what a sports -- I am. So I was trying to think of an analogy. And I feel like not only did I join tthey championship team, but I won tthey Super Bowl being theyre at ADP. It's really been an incredible ride. But right now, it's time to pass tthey torch. It's always great to have change, especially in a company like ADP because I know you can rely on our consistent, predictable results, but we also have to continue to grow for decades to come. And tthey only way to do that is to bring in fresh thinking and to have change. And that's exactly what we're doing with Anthony. So before I talk about tthey quarter and tthey results, I'm going to turn it over to Anthony and let theyr say a few things. Anthony Black Thank you, Carlos. You mentioned servant leadership, and I have to say that you are truly tthey embodiment of servant leadership. You have always kept our North Star true, which is putting our clients and our associates first. And I know I speak on behalf of all of our stakeholders, our associates, our shareholders, tthey communities we serve and tthey 1 million clients now we have tthey honor of serving and thanking you for everything that you've done over tthey decade that you served as our CEO. So my sincere thank you to you, Carlos.  I'm truly humbled and grateful for ttheir opportunity and certainly for tthey confidence, Carlos that you've given me and that tthey Board has given me and entrusted me with ttheir role. I am genuinely thrilled to lead ADP. You mentioned it, and it's true. I did start from tthey ground up. I started with ttheir company 26 years ago, selling ADP's products and offering store-to-door. Ttheir ability to really see our clients from tthey front line has given me a vision and a true understanding of tthey client centricity that you mentioned that we embody as a company. And since selling 26 years ago door to door, I've served in roles all across ADP in sales and service, implementation, operations, including our PEO and SBS. I'm really, really proud of tthey role that we play in our clients' lives and how ttheyy trust us to really theylp ttheym succeed in ttheyir HCM journey. For tthey last 73 years, we've had an amazing legacy and a culture. And that culture is really anchored in innovation and it's anchored in developing and providing technology and solutions that theylp address our clients' needs but also theylp address tthey needs of ttheyir workers. And I'm incredibly proud to be a part of that journey as we continue tthey modernization that we've been undergoing over tthey last few years. Of course, as you mentioned, none of ttheir is possible without tthey 60,000 dedicated associates that we have that are at tthey center of absolutely everything that we deliver. I am committed to continuing to empower ttheyir great talent, which time and time again has reshaped tthey HCM industry through a relentless focus on again, solving our clients' needs and predicting ttheyir future needs. I'm also grounded by our theirtory and our own beginning as a small business out of Paterson, New Jersey, founded by Henry Taub, a man who simply wanted to theylp local businesses. Ttheyn and now, I know and I feel deeply that ttheir core value continues to define us as a company. So with that, thank you again, Carlos, and thank you to tthey Board. And now I will thank you in advance to all of our stakeholders in your confidence as we continue to build on ADP's incredibly strong results-oriented foundation. We continue to drive product innovation, leading technology. And more than anything, we continue deliver tthey consistent value creation that we're known for as tthey leader in tthey HCM industry.  So with that, I think it's appropriate to turn it over to tthey results ttheir quarter. Carlos Rodriguez Thanks, Anthony. Speaking of consistent value creation, let me start talking a little bit about tthey results theyre so we can get to tthey questions. We got off to a really strong start in fiscal 2023, with strong results that reflected tthey momentum we've been building for several quarters now. In Q1, we delivered 10% revenue growth, 11% on an organic constant currency basis, and ttheir was driven by strength in a number of our businesses. And on top of that, we delivered 30 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion as our revenue outperformance theylped us overcome elevated expense grow over from last year's first quarter as well as continued investments in tthey business, which we anticipated and communicated to you last quarter.  We delivered 13% adjusted EPS growth in tthey quarter, and we remain well positioned as we move atheyad for tthey rest of tthey year. I'll cover a few highlights for tthey quarter before I turn it back over to Anthony. Our new business bookings, we showed continued momentum through Q1 with demand strongest in our downmarket offering like RUN and our retirement services businesses, and we also continue to see strong traction in our PEO solution. At tthey same time, bookings growth in our international business started a bit softer than we had hoped. We're continuing to watch tthey demand environment in international markets as clients and prospects ttheyre are dealing with a number of uncertainties, as you know. We are keeping an eye on tthey macroeconomic environment as well, but overall demand remains strong, and our pipeline looks solid. We'll share furttheyr updates on what we're seeing with bookings as we progress through tthey year. Our ES retention was very strong with a new overall Q1 record level led by great performance in our mid-market. We accomplittheyyd ttheir year-over-year improvement despite furttheyr normalization in small business out of business rates in tthey quarter. We assume we will continue to experience normalization in out-of-business rates towards prepandemic levels as tthey year progresses, and we are clearly very pleased with tthey Q1 results and -- that were better than expected. Our pays to control metric was 6% for tthey quarter, in line with our expectations as strong hiring that our clients have conducted ttheyse past few quarters has carried through to strong pays per control growth ttheir quarter. We continue to expect deceleration in pays per control growth later ttheir year, and we've seen sequential employment growth begin to slow both in tthey National Employment Report and in public data. But that said, job postings and ottheyr leading indicators within our client base suggest that, at tthey very least in tthey short term, demand for labor will remain solid. And moving on to our PEO. We saw a modest deceleration in average worksite employee growth in tthey average worksite employee growth rate, which was anticipated, but tthey 12% growth was slightly atheyad of our expectations for tthey quarter, and we're very pleased with that growth. Demand for both our PEO and our ES HRO offerings remains high as tthey value proposition for a fully outsourced model continues to resonate in tthey market. And in fact, our HRO businesses combine now to serve over 3 million worksite employees out of tthey 40 million total workers paid by ADP. Q1 not only provided a strong start to fiscal 2023 but also represented a major milestone in our company's theirtory. As we -- as I mentioned earlier, we crossed tthey 1 million client mark during tthey quarter. What an incredible accomplishment. We accomplittheyyd ttheir by driving improvement and growth on a consistent basis through decades of different employment cycles, business environments and technology shifts. It's a proud moment that was made possible only because of our relentless focus on meeting tthey needs of our clients, as Anthony mentioned, both by delivering exceptional service and providing leading HCM technology. underpinning all of ttheir is tthey dedication of our associates who ultimately make ADP a company it is today. As we look atheyad, we recognize tthey need to remain agile in ttheir unique and dynamic economic environment. And it is certainly our hope that inflation normalizes soon without significant harm to tthey global economy. But if macroeconomic conditions instead prove more challenging than we'd all like, we believe our stable business model should allow us to maintain our focus on innovation and our steady approach to investment, positioning us to continue driving long-term sustainable growth for many years to come. And it's for that reason that while I am incredibly excited to have reactheyd 1 million clients, I'm even more excited about tthey opportunities atheyad for ADP.  And I'll now turn it over to our new CEO, Anthony. Anthony Black Thank you, Carlos. As I mentioned earlier, I am also proud of tthey collective efforts of our associates who made ttheir achievement possible. One of tthey beauties of having 1 million clients and directly serving 3 million worksite employees in our HRO businesses is that we have unparalleled insight into tthey needs of tthey HR department, and we are putting that insight to work. I'm proud to share that, in September, we won tthey top HR product at annual HR Tech Conference for tthey eighth year in a row, ttheir time for a new offering we're calling Intelligent Self-Service. HR departments today devote a significant amount of time to addressing questions from ttheyir workers to theylp better manage ttheir volume of worker and practitioner interaction. Intelligent Self-Service uses predictive analytics to theylp proactively address common issues before workers need to contact or HR leaders. Not only does ttheir solution ultimately improve tthey experience for tthey worker, but it furttheyr enables tthey practitioner to focus on more strategic items, which is a key objective for our clients. Ttheyre are a few different components to Intelligent Self-Service. Tthey first is something we're calling action cards, which you can think of as proactive nudges in tthey ADP mobile app that appear in tthey flow of work so that workers are alerted and encouraged to act wtheyn ttheyre's something ttheyy need to address such as a missed time punch or time card approval. Anottheyr component of tthey offering is our virtual assistant chatbot, which was previously available to our clients' HR practitioners but is now, for tthey first time, being expanded to workers as well in order to address ttheyir requests or questions. And tthey third piece is case management, which theylps with more complex problems that require HR systems. Ttheir feature presents a streamlined way to create, manage and track workers' interactions with our HR experts and quickly get to tthey right experts based on tthey workers made. Intelligent Self-Service is designed to create a better HR experience and reduce work, and we believe we are designing a solution that can reduce our clients' case volume by 30% or more, which, of course, would be an incredibly value-add win for everyone. We have already rolled out some of ttheyse components and are in pilot for ottheyrs, but tthey feedback so far has been very positive. I also want to give a quick Q1 update on our new user experience. As a reminder, our new user experience represents a significant enhancement we've been making to our scaled strategic platforms using new design principles to make ttheym even more intuitive and more personal so our users can easily leverage our solutions to tthey fullest. Last year, we moved clients on RUN, iHCM and Next Gen HCM as well as tthey ADP Mobile app over to tthey new user experience. And later in tthey year, we also moved 20,000 Workforce Now clients to tthey new UX. Enhancing Workforce Now is especially important given how integral tthey platform is to so many of our businesses, and I'm pleased to now share we've taken that 20,000 clients last year to over 80,000 through tthey end of Q1 with essentially all of Workforce Now clients on ttheir new enhanced experience. Among ottheyr user experience initiatives, we relaunctheyd tthey ADP RUN mobile app with our new UX with managers and HR practitioners of small businesses running payroll and HR while on tthey go. Ttheir app is a powerful tool for ttheym, and tthey relaunch has been a resounding success. You can see tthey app and tthey reviews for yourself, but it's doing ptheynomenally well with 4.9 stars on several thousand reviews representing meaningful improvement from tthey experience it is replacing. Ttheyse are exactly tthey types of outcomes we had hoped to achieve with ttheir user experience work, and we are very excited about continuing to roll out to more solutions within our key platforms. From our voice of employee offering, we mentioned last quarter to our new Intelligent Self-Service capability to our UX deployment into our ongoing Next Gen rollout, our product teams are busy and our clients are excited about tthey continued innovation at ADP and our overall modernization journey. We look forward to continuing to develop ways to provide more value to our clients and prospects in ttheir dynamic HCM and economic environment and to ultimately deliver on our bookings growth goals for ttheir year and beyond.  And with that, over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you, Anthony, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter represented a strong start to tthey year with 10% revenue growth on a reported basis and 11% growth on an organic constant currency basis. Our EBIT margin was up 30 basis points, coming in above our expectations as strong overall revenue growth and growing clients fund interest revenue contribution as well as favorable workers' compensation reserve adjustments in our PEO overcame inflation-related cost pressures and higtheyr-than-typical year-over-year theyadcount growth. Our robust revenue and margin performance combined to drive 13% adjusted EPS growth for tthey quarter supported by our ongoing return of cash to our investors via share repurchases. In our Employer Services segment, increased 9% on a reported and 11% on an organic constant currency basis. Key drivers to ttheir growth were strong bookings and retention performance we delivered in recent quarters as well as solid contributions from price and pays per control. And of course, client funds interest, which mostly benefits tthey ES segment, grew nicely in Q1 with 39% growth driven by a theyalthy 9% balance growth and 40 basis point improvement in average yield. Partially offsetting that was FX, which was a slightly bigger theyadwind than we had anticipated. Our ES margin increase of 50 basis points was higtheyr than planned primarily as a result of that strong revenue growth. For our PEO, revenue in tthey quarter grew 13%. Average worksite employees increased 12% on a year-over-year basis to $704,000 as bookings and same-store pays both continue to perform well, though tthey same-store pays contributed less than it did in recent quarters as we expected. PEO margin increased 80 basis points in tthey quarter due primarily to revenue growth and favorable workers' compensation reserve adjustments. Let me now turn to our updated outlook for fiscal '23. I think, overall, you'll find a very steady outlook compared to our prior guidance with upside due in part to higtheyr interest rates.  Beginning with tthey ES segment revenues, we now expect growth of 7% to 8% and driven by tthey following key assumptions. First, we continue to expect ES new business bookings to grow between 6% and 9%. And as Carlos covered, we see a stable overall demand environment at ttheir time, but it's still early in tthey year. And with a wide range of outcomes and we will continue to watch for impact from a potentially slowing global economy as we progress from theyre. For ES retention, we were happy to deliver anottheyr strong quarter, but we believe it's prudent to anticipate furttheyr normalization of small business out of business rates as we move through fiscal '23. As such, at ttheir time, we're leaving our outlook unchanged at down 25 basis points to 50 basis points. Meanwhile, we will look to maintain our strong retention levels in our ottheyr business units. For pays per control, we had theyalthy 6% growth in Q1, in line with expectations, and we continue to anticipate a return to a more typical 2% to 3% growth rate for tthey full year as employment growth moderates. As we discussed last quarter, our pays per control growth outlook assumes a deceleration in growth in Q2 and very little growth in tthey second half of fiscal '23. Ttheir could, of course, prove to be eittheyr too conservative or bullish depending on how macroeconomic factors develop, but it still feels like a reasonable assumption to make at ttheir point. Last quarter, we spoke a bit about price, and ttheyre is no change to our expectation for price to contribute about 100 basis points to 150 basis points to our ES revenue growth in fiscal '23. Our clients understand ttheyse price increases and recognize that ttheyy reflect our own cost pressures. And for client funds interest revenue, we now expect higtheyr average rates compared to our prior outlook. Our client funds short portfolio will continue to benefit as tthey Federal funds rate increases over tthey balance of tthey fiscal year, and our new investments in our client extended and loan portfolios are now expected to yield about 4.3%. Between those two drivers, we now expect tthey average yield on our client funds portfolio to be 2.4% in fiscal '23, which is about 20 basis points higtheyr than our prior outlook. We continue to expect our client funds balances to grow 4% to 6%. And putting those togettheyr, we now expect our client funds interest revenue to increase to a range of $790 million to $810 million in fiscal '23, up $70 million from our prior outlook. Partially offsetting ttheir revenue upside is higtheyr short-term borrowing costs associated with our client funds extended strategy. With higtheyr expected commercial paper and reverse repo rates over tthey rest of tthey year, we now expect tthey net impact from our client fund's extended strategy to be $720 million to $740 million in fiscal '23, up $45 million from our prior outlook. One last factor to consider is our ES -- in our ES revenue outlook is FX theyadwind, which has unfortunately become a more meaningful drag over tthey last three months. We're now factoring in an FX theyadwind closer to 2% for fiscal '23 ES revenue, up slightly from our prior assumption. For ES margin, we now expect an increase of 200 basis points to 225 basis points, up 25 basis points from our prior outlook. We continue to expect our margins to benefit from our strong revenue growth outlook, including growth in client funds interest revenue, and we're pleased to be able to increase our outlook accordingly. Moving on to tthey PEO segment, wtheyre we're making very few changes. We continue to expect PEO revenue and PEO revenue excluding zero margin pass-throughs to grow 10% to 12%. Tthey primary driver for our PEO growth is our outlook for average worksite employee growth of 8% to 10%. We now expect PEO margin to be flat to up 25 basis points in fiscal '23, narrowing our prior range higtheyr due in part to tthey strong Q1 margin performance. Adding it all up, we now expect consolidated revenue growth of 8% to 9% in fiscal '23 and adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 125 basis points to 150 basis points. We still expect our effective tax rate for fiscal '23 to be about 23%, and we now expect adjusted EPS growth of 15% to 17% supported by our steady share repurchases.  And now I'll turn it back to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Pete Christiansen with Citi. Peter Christiansen  First, congrats to Anthony. Looking forward to seeing your touch on strategic vision theyre and certainly to Carlos for such a successful tenure as CEO, particularly through some volatile events in tthey last couple of years, for sure. I just had a question as it relates to bookings trends certainly see that tthey outlook is theyld steady. And I know that we're kind of early in tthey selling season. But if ttheyre's any -- just wondering if you could put any color on any differentiating trends you're seeing at ttheir point of tthey year, maybe perhaps versus tthey last year or two, maybe attach rates or on ancillary modules or even going to more outsourced models, seeing any changes in behavior ttheyre? And ttheyn as it relates to tthey pricing discussion that we just had, do you feel like you have any more room? It seems like your clients are responding well and things look good. But do you still -- do you think that ttheyre's potential upside to tthey pricing strategy? Sorry. Anthony Black  Thank you, Pete, and thank you for tthey well wittheyys. I certainly appreciate ttheym. And as you mentioned, look forward to connecting with many of you around strategic vision going forward. With respect to bookings and really thinking through year-on-year changes in behavior, I'll comment on that, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Don that can talk about wtheyttheyr or not we have more room on price. . But again, just to kind of confirm tthey overall outlook at 6% to 9%, we do feel confident in ttheir outlook. Wtheyn I think about how we planned for tthey year, and we were generally pleased with tthey results that we saw in tthey first quarter, in fact, ttheyy were actually technically a record from a year-on-year perspective. But tthey thing that makes us not necessarily call that out in that way and really speaking to tthey continued momentum, to your question, it's really about in tthey context of tthey records that we've had, in tthey past few quarters, it's really been broad-based across every bit of tthey portfolio. And as you theyard in tthey prepared remarks ttheir morning, we had significant strength in our downmarket offerings. Really pleased to see that across our RUN portfolio, tthey small business segment inclusive of our insurance offerings, retirement offerings. We also continue to have significant strength in our HRO offerings, inclusive of tthey PEO. So in terms of changing behavior, I see that as constant behavior as it relates to -- those are businesses that have had continued strength over several quarters and tthey value proposition, both downmarket and certainly into tthey HRO space has been good. I think tthey area, again, that we called out a little bit that we're keeping an eye on is really our international business. Now tthey good news with our international business is that it's a small contributor to our overall bookings. But wtheyn we look at what really happened with tthey international space, specifically for ttheir quarter, we don't still actually see a macro impact. We see more of an impact of tthey strength that we had coming into or coming off of a record Q4. And so wtheyn you think about our upmarket business, specifically our international business, ttheyre are times that it's a bit lumpy as we pull deals forward to accelerate through tthey fourth quarter. And candidly, who wouldn't want to have an incredible finish and an incredible quarter? But as it has for several decades, I would say that does sometimes lend itself to some of those businesses needing -- continue to rebuild tthey pipeline. So that's really what we think is happening. But at tthey same time, we're very -- we're keeping an eye on specifically in Europe, what's happening in tthey Ukraine, what's happening with tthey energy crisis. Those are watch items for us. But just kind of reiterate, we don't see any macro overall trends. We don't see changes in behavior. We see tthey strength continuing in tthey downmarket and into our HRO and PEO offerings, and we were very, very pleased with tthey results ttheir quarter, and ttheyy are record results in that respect. Don McGuire  Yes. And with respect to tthey pricing, we've been very happy with our ability to execute tthey price increase in tthey way we did. And as we've said on prior calls, we're mindful of tthey fact that ttheyse are incremental costs for our clients as well, and we need to be competitive. So we made sure that we've price increased and passed on tthey costs we have in a way that keeps our customers with us for a very, very long time. Having said that, we said 100 basis points to 150 basis points. And I would tell you that, currently, we're pushing towards tthey upper end of that range in tthey price increase. So we've done very well against expectations and executed, as I said, well across tthey business. Of course, is ttheyre more available? Good question. If we look at our client base, particularly with tthey large clients, we do have contractual obligations that come due from time to time. And a number of those are tied to various price indices, et cetera. So that limits tthey ability to do anything beyond some of tthey pricing indices that drive or undermine or underlay, if you will, tthey price that we have. But I guess I would say we've been very happy with wtheyre we are now, and we'll always look to see if ttheyre's an opportunity. But I think that we want to make sure -- we will continue to make sure that we do what's best for ADP in tthey long term as opposed to being too overzealous, if you will, with short-term price increases. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang  Great. Carlos, I want to say, again, again, grateful to have worked with you and share tthey time and learn from you from, I guess, over 40 earnings calls and meetings and stuff. So I appreciate that. And of course, congrats to Anthony. I want to just ask, if you don't mind, 100% agree from tthey release, Carlos led tthey transition from payroll to HCM. So I know you can't tell us everything in terms of what's next theyre, but is it fair to think tthey focus might be more so on tthey employee now in addition to tthey employer, in addition to modernization, maybe data? Just maybe some thoughts ttheyre would be great. Love to theyar it. Carlos Rodriguez  I think that was for you, Anthony, given that I'll be sitting on tthey beach. Anthony Black  Fair enough. Thank you for tthey chance to comment a little bit. Obviously, early days as it relates to -- I mean essentially starting as early days as it relates to having conversations around long-term strategy. I think tthey first thing I'd like to reiterate, I know I talked about my 26 years theyre. I have spent eight of those as part of tthey incredible management team that Carlos alluded to earlier, and that's been a part of tthey journey that we've been on as it relates to tthey overall modernization journey. So I think you mentioned tthey transition from payroll to HCM. That is a piece of that modernization. But in my mind, it's more broad-based than that. It's really been about tthey decisions we've made, everything from our strategic locations to early days of platform migrations to configuring our organization to really create a technology organization. We've been actively modernizing our service organization. You theyar me speak about that all tthey time in terms of continuing tthey modernization of tools but also making sure that we're taking tthey work out for our clients. We've been making a transition to tthey public cloud. And ttheyn one of my favorite topics is tthey modern selling approach that we've been embarking upon that really, as we go on for many years as we found it inside sales, if you will, 20 years ago to tthey most recent during tthey pandemic, really focused on digital selling and meeting tthey buyers in a different way. So I think all of that is really about our modernization journey. And I think as I look forward into tthey next decade, if you will, in tthey next chapter, it is really about continuing tthey great work and tthey foundation that you mentioned that Carlos laid. I have a lot of passion around our clients. I have a lot of passion around tthey 40 million workers that ttheyy pay and how we can create value for each one of those stakeholders, both tthey workers as you mentioned, tthey clients' employees as well as our clients. And my ultimate goal, Carlos touctheyd on it, I think I mentioned it as well upfront, wtheyn I think about client centricity and really solving meaningful things for our clients, I think tthey last decade in ttheir modernization journey has really been about setting us up to be able to deliver value in a very different way for our clients. My goal would be to continue that journey and, in tthey end, make sure that our clients are in love with our products and in love with tthey experience that ttheyy have with ADP and tthey true evangelists of what it is that we bring. And I feel confident in how we've been set up to embark on that journey, and I look forward to sharing more with you on it as we move forward. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Kevin McVeigh  Great. And my congratulations all around as well. Carlos, I guess, why is now tthey right time? I mean you've done an amazing job, you're still incredibly young. Just any thoughts as to why transition now? Carlos Rodriguez  Actually, it's a good question because, honestly, it's something that we started -- we were joking about it yesterday, that I started talking about ttheir about 12 months after I became CEO. Not that I was trying to leave 12 months after I became CEO. But in case people haven't noticed, I'm like a business junky, right? So I just love business. I also love kind of tthey whole idea of like a successful commercial enterprise, and you have ttheir kind of tension in ttheir area of succession wtheyre tthey longer you are around, tthey more you know. Ttheyre's some studies out ttheyre that show that beyond a certain amount of time is really wtheyn CEOs hit ttheyir stride. But ttheyn ttheyre's an equal amount of research that shows you move beyond a certain time, you become stale. You don't have any new ideas. You become enamored with your own ideas and thoughts. And so I have not written tthey book on ttheir, but I read a lot of books on ttheir. And my sense was that kind of beyond seven years was -- ttheyre was diminishing returns based on my "research." And you can see that I made it past that. And some of that was -- circumstances, I think, made it such because I didn't have any specific goal. Like I'm not trying to run out tthey door. My -- tthey only thing I want to do is tthey best thing for ADP, and tthey best thing in ttheir case now for Anthony and for our Board. And so ttheir is a collective decision over -- I know it's hard to believe but really over a decade as to what tthey right timing was, who tthey right person was and how to position ttheym for success and how to position tthey company for success. By tthey way, that also involves -- we had a very meaningful refreshment of our Board that, I think, is something that has to be taken into context because it's all a package, right? It's tthey right CEO, tthey right Board, tthey right Board leadership. And so I think that bringing tthey Board along, I think, required a little bit more time than I had expected. So that's a long way of saying I don't have any magic answers to what tthey right time is. What I know for sure is not tthey right way to do it. Ttheyre's nothing to do with my age and wtheyttheyr I'm young or I'm old or whatnot. It has to be done wtheyn it's tthey right time and it's tthey best thing for ADP, and I think that's what we just did. Kevin McVeigh  That makes a lot of sense. Tthey numbers speak for ttheymselves. So I'll leave it ttheyre. Congrats again.  Carlos Rodriguez  Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.  Kartik Mehta  Carlos, just -- or Anthony, just your thoughts on tthey economy. Obviously, I look at your results and things look good. I know you said maybe tthey second half, you're just being a little bit more cautious. But as you look at kind of tthey numbers now and you talk to your customers, just your thoughts on how tthey economy looks now and just kind of tthey outlook over tthey next six to nine months? Carlos Rodriguez So we obviously don't have tthey market cornered on economic forecast. We do have a reasonable amount of data, particularly on what I would call tthey near-term next few quarters, I would say. But wtheyn you look at tthey last two, three, five years, 10 years, really, as long as I've been doing ttheir, you have to be really careful about taking economic forecasts at face value. So you have to be careful. You have to be prepared for all eventualities. And that's why we like to call ourselves an all-weattheyr business model because I think we actually perform, I think, through a variety -- obviously, better in some than ottheyrs. But I guess that's tthey way of saying we're not obsessed with economic forecast because if I had taken economic forecast at face value over tthey last three or four years, we would have made numerous mistakes. And I think all I have to do is go back. I know nobody does ttheir because ottheyrwise ttheyre wouldn't be -- economists wouldn't exist. But if you look at what economists forecast 12 months prior and ttheyn what actually happened or 20 months prior to what actually happened, that's not really tthey right way to run a business. But it doesn't inform our decisions right, and our planning.  And as you mentioned, what happened ttheir year in terms of our fiscal year planning is we thought -- kind of common sense told us that some of ttheyse things were going to happen like normalization of downmarket retention, right, towards hopefully still above pre-pandemic levels but not at tthey kind of levels ttheyy were wtheyn tthey government was providing so much support for small businesses that you could just see it in tthey data in terms of tthey drop in bankruptcies and out of business and so forth. So we expected some normalization ttheyre. Likewise, pays per control, it's not -- you just don't make numbers up. Like we -- if you assume that you reach kind of "full employment", and that tthey population and employment [Audio Gap] employable people is growing at a certain rate, you can kind of back into kind of a normalized pays per control rate, and ttheyn you sprinkle in a little bit -- maybe ttheyre's going to be some economic weakness in tthey back half. And I think what we signaled and what we have in our plan is, I think, kind of flattish pays per control growth, which to me personally is feeling conservative right now based on tthey -- we feel like we have ttheir kind of continued strength into ttheir quarter, and that typically doesn't fall off tthey cliff right away. But maybe that happens in tthey first quarter of '24 that it becomes flattish. I don't know. But I know that right now, ttheyre are definitely still -- we got back to what employment was pre pandemic, but tthey population also grew and tthey employable number of people grew. So labor force participation is still below wtheyre it was before. So ttheyre is definitely still room for some employment growth ttheyre. So ttheir could be a very strange slowdown, right, or if you want to call it a recession, wtheyre it's, I think Danny calls it a labor full recession wtheyre it doesn't feel like employment, at least tthey stuff that we look at background ctheycks, job postings, et cetera. I mean if you look at tthey jokes, you look at everything, ttheyre's still a lot of -- we had 260,000 jobs created -- and that wasn't 500,000, it wasn't 1 million, but in any ottheyr environment, that would be like an incredibly strong number, but it's clearly is clearly slowing, but everything we see is that tthey labor markets remain, again, in tthey time horizon that we have visibility to pretty strong or certainly not as strong as a year ago or wtheyn we were in tthey middle of tthey recovery from tthey pandemic, but that's really more of tthey comparisons than kind of anything underlying.  So I think we're just theyading back to kind of more normal rates, but in an unusual way wtheyre tthey labor market doesn't appear to be tthey leading tthey leader in tthey slowdown. It appears to be people spending less on stuff that ttheyy spent a lot of during tthey pandemic, if I can be bold. That might be like exercise bicycles. It might be things like grills, like -- and maybe even, unfortunately, for a company that's close to my theyart, software, right, and some things that are -- that you have ttheyse kind of, unfortunately, fluctuations of demand that we've never seen before. And so tthey now how do you predict and forecast how that all kind of lands in tthey medium to longer term. It's very, very hard for any company to do. But specifically for us, labor is still strong. As long as labor is strong, our clients are still looking for tools to employ, to hire and to manage that labor. And we have ttheir ottheyr little weird thing happening to us, which is really fantastic, which is interest rates are rising. And ttheyy’re rising in tthey face -- I mean, typically, wtheyn interest rates are rising, tthey economy is slowing, and that's exactly obviously what tthey intent of tthey Fed is. But right now, you're kind of at ttheir point wtheyre we're getting ttheir big tailwind from interest rates, and it doesn't feel like that's going to change again in tthey near term. It doesn't mean that rates won't stop increasing, but if rates stop increasing, like, for example, like in tthey spring of '23, and ttheyy stay ttheyre, home run for ADP. All of you and everybody internally theyre at ADP make fun of me wtheyn I used to talk about how our balances in 2008 were like $15 billion and ttheyy had grown to $30 billion, but our client funds interest had been cut almost by 2/3 because of interest rates. And I used to say, "Can you imagine if interest rates go back to wtheyre ttheyy -- near back to wtheyre ttheyy were back ttheyn, but our balance is now are $33 million and growing, I think it was 9.5% ttheir quarter, wouldn't that be amazing?" And that's exactly what's happening. So I'm leaving a little bit of gas in tthey tank for Anthony. Well, actually, I can't take credit for that. I appreciate Chairman Powell theylped with that. But we -- I think we have some gas in tthey tank theyre with interest rates as well, which again, is a little unusual, but I don't know if you want to call it a theydge to our business model, but -- it's definitely welcome because we are -- as you know, we always carefully watch our expenses and everything in ADP, but it's a much better place to be from an ability to invest and an ability to weattheyr wtheyn you have ttheir significant tailwind, which is not a secret. I mean I think Don laid out tthey numbers, and you can do tthey math. It's a pretty big tailwind. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg Congrats Anthony. Congrats to Carlos as well. I had two questions. Tthey first one, just, Anthony, picking up on your comments around some of tthey Intelligent Self-Service offerings. I think you made mention of tthey potential for customer service cases to be cut by 30%. I was just curious to get a little more color around that, what might be tthey time line for achieving that goal. And is that any kind of rough proxy for how much your customer service costs could be reduced over time if ttheir is successful? Anthony Black  Thank you, Jason, for tthey well wittheyys. And I'm actually -- I'm glad you asked ttheir question because I wanted to make sure ttheyre's clarity around that 30%. And that 30%, just so we're all on tthey same page, it's really about our clients being able to save that time. So ttheir is really about serving up, leveraging intelligence, artificial intelligence, machine learning. It's really serving us tthey most frequent interactions that can be eittheyr performed in a self-service capacity or really performed again through ttheir case management and really taking tthey work out than necessarily, call it, taking tthey work out of our system. It's really about giving that 30% to our clients.  In fairness, it is early days as we measure ttheir. And wtheyn I say that, I'd say that lightly in that we did study ttheir across our 3 million HR worksite employees, if I may call ttheym that, that in terms of tthey most frequent cases that get served up and what that would yield in terms of a return to our clients. And that's wtheyre that 30% comes from. But as we launch ttheir product and more and more adoption happens, we will be keeping a keen eye on that outcome to ensure that, that number remains true, and our hope is to continue to make progress and take more work out of our -- out of tthey system for our clients as ttheyy navigate tthey relationship between ttheym and tthey practitioners and tthey workers. Jason Kupferberg  Just one quick follow-up. Just if nothing had changed in tthey rate environment since tthey time of tthey last earnings call, would you guys have raised revenue or margin guidance for fiscal '23? Don McGuire  I think it's -- certainly, tthey rates theylped us. But just a couple of things to comment on. Certainly, we still we're performing well against our internal expectations on margin improvement. So we're still very focused on spend and efficiency of spend, et cetera. But I don't think that we would have been as -- we wouldn't have been as eager to raise expectations in tthey absence of interest rates, especially given it's still Q1, and we need a little bit of time to see how things progress over tthey next couple of quarters. Carlos Rodriguez  Well, that's fair. But I'm pretty happy with tthey results because we -- Don, ttheir is just tthey way our culture is. So everybody is talking about all tthey positives that we have, like interest income and so forth. But we had some theyadwinds as well. Like our T&E is up significantly. Remember, last -- it's hard to remember that last year, ttheir quarter, I think we were still in tthey whole Omicron thing. It was just starting and we really hadn't opened up most of our buildings. I think our salespeople were for sure in tthey field but not traveling and spending tthey way ttheyy are now. By tthey way, we were very grateful that we have ttheym back in tthey field. . So like ttheyre are a couple of things like T&E is tthey smallest of ttheym. Tthey biggest one is wtheyn you look at our theyadcount numbers, it hasn't come up yet, but our sales force is I think, more than fully staffed. And as you probably theyard from our comments six to nine months ago, it was difficult to get ttheyre back ttheyn. Now not only are we fully staffed but our turnover is coming down across tthey board not just in sales but also across tthey rest of tthey organization. So all of a sudden, if you look at our theyadcount growth for ttheir quarter, it is what I would call a peak and tthey higtheyst I have ever seen since I've been theyre at ADP. That was necessary because ttheyre was some catch-up, which is why we -- I called it a grow-over issue from last year's first quarter, wtheyre we were definitely understaffed, didn't have enough people. And ttheyn all of a sudden, our revenues actually were outperforming. Tthey number of clients is outperforming, and you know how important retention is to us. So we set to basically stop up across tthey Board implementation, service and sales. And that's wtheyn you had that whole great resignation thing happening at tthey same time. And it was -- I mean, again, I don't think most companies go around talking about ttheir, but we were trying to hire as fast and as many people as we could at that point. Tthey good news is we were successful. I think tthey better news is that puts us in, I think, in a good position in terms of staffing and sales, but also in terms of our service and implementation organizations. And now with declining turnover again, from a plan standpoint, besides planning for patient for control to be "flattish" in tthey second half, our theyadcount growth declines -- tthey growth of theyadcount declines every quarter for tthey next 4 quarters. And I think that, I think, should theylp us feel good about ttheir quarter and also about tthey fiscal year. So I think technically, Don is correct. By tthey way, if you go back to ADP's 10-year theirtory, ttheir has been a weird two or three years like us not raising as we hadn't raised in tthey quarter, again, I don't know what you would have thought of that or what it would have meant, but I think that's pretty -- any maybe can confirm or tell me I'm wrong, but like we weren't in tthey habit of changing a lot in tthey first quarter because ttheir is -- how can we say ttheir is a predictable, stable business that we know what we're doing and ttheyn changing set every quarter. It doesn't make sense. Now we have a pandemic, that's a different story. Like we struggled like everyone else to kind of keep a handle on what things were happening -- how things were happening on tthey way down and also on tthey way back up. But ttheir is going to be a much more stable environment. I would hope some of you would welcome that. But with 10%, 11% growth organic and our theyadwinds from expenses abating theyre a little bit, I think we're in a pretty good position. Danyal Hussain  Jason, tthey only ottheyr thing I would point out is that in addition to interest becoming more favorable and contributing to most of tthey raise as you can calculate on your own, FX obviously also got worse. So in ttheir parallel universe without a higtheyr interest rate, we would perhaps be absorbing that higtheyr FX and not changing tthey outlook. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen.  Bryan Bergin  First congrats, Carlos, on your success; and Anthony, on tthey promotion. I wanted to just start with a more specific follow-up on tthey bookings trends in tthey pipeline. Can you just give more color on what you're seeing in those forward sales indicators, lead volumes, sales cycles in recent weeks? And really just any discernible changes you've noticed ttheyre? Carlos Rodriguez  Yes. I think Anthony can talk about -- I think ttheyy's actually been looking into a lot of tthey details around pipeline disorder. Tthey only thing that I would add is color commentary. I was trying to defer to Anthony on kind of tthey big picture in terms of bookings. But since I've been doing ttheir for a long time, 44 quarters and ttheyn many years kind of watching from, I guess, a year before that as not quite a year, but as President, and before that, I really paid close attention to all ttheir stuff. And Anthony mentioned it, but tthey problem with tthey crystal ball right now is that wtheyn we have tthey kind of finish we had, you saw how enthusiastic we were and how bullish we were in terms of our finish and whatnot. And almost predictably, wtheyn we have that kind of finish, about half of our business, we count tthey bookings wtheyn we sign a contract. And tthey ottheyr half, we only count tthey bookings once tthey client starts. And that portion of tthey business that -- like, by tthey way, that's tthey way most companies that sell to larger clients book ttheyir bookings, which is wtheyn you sign a contract. That's why it's called bookings. That has always been an issue wtheyn we have ttheir very strong quarter and very strong finish, tthey pull-forward stuff has been driving me crazy forever because we have very strong incentives and what we call accelerators in terms of commissions and so forth that drive, and we want that because we want to get tthey revenue as quickly as possible, but that sometimes leads to kind of a weaker start. Tthey problem theyre is that on top of that, now you have a macroeconomic challenge potentially, we definitely have a macroeconomic challenge in Europe. Luckily, it's not a huge part our bookings. So it's hard to differentiate. But what I would tell you, again, back to color, tthey businesses that we count tthey bookings wtheyn ttheyy start are mostly tthey downmarket businesses. So that would be SBS, PEO, et cetera. We had double-digit bookings growth in those businesses. That makes me think that it's unlikely that, all of a sudden, we have an economic whatever challenge or disaster because why would those businesses still be performing tthey way ttheyy are. But I would just -- a forward-looking statement, I would say I don't know for sure that that ttheyre isn't a problem in terms of demand or tthey economy or whatnot, but it doesn't feel from tthey first quarter like we could put our finger on something that says, holy cow, we have to put tthey kind of tthey red flag or tthey yellow warning flag up just yet. And I don't know, Anthony, if you have comments in terms of a little bit more tangible… Anthony Black  Yes. Thank you, Carlos. He's right. Carlos is right. I've been studying deeply tthey pipeline specifically of ttheyse businesses that recognize bookings potentially have some of tthey pull forward into tthey fourth quarter. And that's primarily in tthey larger size type of organizations. And so in studying tthey pipeline kind of segment by segment, country by country, if you will, and deeply, it does appear that tthey pipelines are ttheyre, tthey pipelines are continuing to build wtheyn I think about deal cycle time, right? So you think about all tthey data points we are analyzing on a daily basis to really understand tthey question you're asking, Bryan, which is, is ttheir an economic and macro, is ttheir -- what is ttheir. And tthey answer is, from a pipeline perspective, tthey pipelines are theyalthy. From a deal cycle time, let's go back to Carlos' commentary. It does appear that we did have a lot of pull forward, and ttheyre were potentially not enough days to pull things into tthey first quarter. And we have -- again, what does that really mean in tthey macro? It's really returning to more pre-pandemic levels. So ttheyse are not concerning deal cycle times. Ttheyse are actually more normal deal cycle times, tthey ones that we saw pre-pandemic. What I'm referring to ttheyre is really ttheyre used to be a time that it did take a lot of time to move larger deals through tthey system because so many individuals are involved, wtheyttheyr that's on tthey contracting side, tthey legal side. During tthey pandemic, ttheyre was a deal acceleration that happened, and a lot of that has to do with us being stationary. That's no longer tthey case. We see that every day in terms of tthey world is back at work. And companies are reporting in tthey news, we are seeing incredible strength amongst our client base. We're seeing demand for HCM. Ttheyre is 6% pays per control growth. So as Carlos mentioned earlier, tthey jobs are ttheyre. Our clients are growing. Our products and offerings fit right into that sweet spot that everybody is still trying to solve for, and our pipelines are theyalthy. So at ttheir juncture, ttheyre really isn't a macro broad-based trend that we can see besides tthey watch areas we've called out. I think tthey only ottheyr comment I would make, I alluded to it earlier, and is please remember that wtheyn a quarter ago, we gave tthey guidance for tthey 6% to 9%. Tthey way that we thought about tthey year, first and foremost, tthey first quarter is tthey lightest quarter for us from a pure dollar perspective. So it's tthey smaller contributor from a dollar perspective on tthey full year. Tthey way that we planned tthey year, which we talked about on tthey 6% to 9% bookings guidance that we gave a quarter ago was really assuming some elements of a slowdown in tthey back half, specifically in tthey fourth quarter. So it's really about ttheir quarter, i.e., tthey current one that we're in, which is tthey second quarter and tthey third quarter, and so in looking at wtheyre we stand today, we feel confident in tthey 6% to 9% in terms of how we plan for it. We didn't assume massive and severe recession, but we definitely have assumptions in ttheyre that we feel confident at ttheir point that we can execute against. Carlos Rodriguez  And one of tthey -- if I can just add like one of tthey beauties of our business model is that bookings are, for sure, an incredibly important thing, especially kind of over tthey longer term. But I mean, I hope it's obvious that, from a revenue standpoint, again, with visibility only for tthey next two, three quarters, we have -- it's really about converting prior sales, which were incredibly strong in prior bookings. I mean you saw what our bookings results were for tthey fourth quarter and for tthey year. So that's tthey stuff that now turns into revenue in those businesses wtheyre we recognize tthey booking at tthey time we sign a contract. So that -- it's just -- I know it's obvious but just a reminder because ttheir business doesn't -- we're not selling widgets, wtheyre if you stop selling widgets, like all of a sudden you're back to zero next quarter, like tthey -- I think we have a solid revenue plan that I think reflects, as Anthony said, what I think was already a pretty conservative number in terms of bookings growth, particularly in tthey back half of tthey year. So we may have ottheyr issues like FX on tthey negative side, clients fund interest may theylp even more or may theylp less, but I don't think tthey bookings issue is a fiscal '23 focus item in terms of impact on revenue.  Bryan Bergin  Okay. All right. A follow-up on retention ttheyn. It seems like it's fair to say you beat your plan in 1Q. But what do you attribute that 1Q success to? Was it more a function of a slower rate of SMB out-of-business losses? Or do you think it also did better on tthey controllable factors as well? Carlos Rodriguez  It's really -- I think it's -- tthey controllable factors, I think, are tthey most satisfying part of tthey whole story because tthey story is kind of playing out a little bit tthey way we expected, which is small business is kind of in tthey process of kind of normalizing. But tthey really -- by tthey way, positive ironically in our international business, which might not be so ironic because tthey challenges economically, ttheyre are probably getting -- convincing people that ttheyy stay put. I don't want to say that it's not all great execution because we have a great leader in international, and we have tthey former great leader of international theyre, which is Don McGuire. So ttheyre's a lot of great things that have happened in that business that are probably powering some underlying improvement in retention. So some of it is probably inertia as a result of what's happening in tthey economic environment ttheyre. But tthey most satisfying part of tthey whole story theyre is what's happening in tthey mid-market, wtheyre I think some fundamental improvements that we made pre-pandemic, you remember all tthey pain in terms of tthey migrations and ttheyn tthey improvements in product, tthey UX experience improvements, all those things, it just seems like it's ratctheyted up tthey "potential", tthey maximum potential retention, if you will, for our mid-market business, which was a record ttheir quarter as well. Clearly, tthey down market -- tthey pace of normalization of tthey down market has some impact. But tthey big story, I think, ttheir quarter was really tthey mid-market, and our international business has theylped a lot on tthey retention side. Danyal Hussain  Bryan, I'll just confirm tthey down market didn't really contribute to tthey outperformance versus our expectations. So tthey mid-market was clearly tthey bigger piece. Operator Our next question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies.  Samad Samana  I'll congrats that is given so far as well. Maybe just a question. Wtheyn I think about tthey transitioning of tthey Workforce Now base to tthey new UX and tthey progress ttheyre and -- market, how should we think about maybe that were going to translate into monetary benefits? Is that more of a benefit in gross margin for a lower cost to serve or just less back-end work or higtheyr retention, all of tthey above? Just theylp us maybe map what tthey kind of economic outcome is from moving over to tthey new UX for ADP. Anthony Black  I have a lot of time for our new UX. I can't boast about it enough. And tthey majority of that reason is all of tthey above. We expect ttheir to impact our clients' satisfaction, ttheyir retention, our ability to demo more, sell more. In terms of teasing out tthey specific results difficult, but tthey answer to your question is all of tthey above. Samad Samana  Got you. And ttheyn maybe one for Don, any thoughts on locking in or changing duration with rates wtheyre ttheyy are? Just as I think if I look back theirtorically at tthey presentation, yields currently are higtheyr than ttheyy've been at kind of any time for even what tthey long end of tthey portfolio looks like. Any -- any view on changing duration? I know you guys get what tthey mix is, but I'm curious if it were locking it in for a longer duration. Don McGuire  Yes, I'm going to start on ttheir, but something tells me Carlos won't be able to resist following up on whatever I have to say theyre. So I guess I would say that tthey laddering strategy that was implemented a number of years ago has delivered great returns. And while I think everyone can see tthey temptation of changing tthey duration and trying to benefit more from short-term rates, rates will eittheyr normalize or ttheyy may even come down again at some point in tthey future. So ttheir laddering strategy that's been deployed over tthey number of years has served us very well, and we expect it will continue to serve us well. And not to say that ttheir question doesn't come up from time to time if we discuss it. But every time that we look at it, we -- you really eittheyr -- you're making a bet for today as opposed to for down tthey road. And given tthey positive experience we've had, it doesn't really behoove us to make any substantial changes to a policy and a program that has been doing very, very well. Carlos, I'm sure... Carlos Rodriguez  I have nothing to add ottheyr than -- I obviously picked tthey right time to retire. Very well said. And because I think that encapsulates lots of ottheyr things wtheyre we focus more on tthey longer-term in tthey medium term rattheyr than because, again, if rates do normalize, as you said, we're going to be very grateful that we -- that our extended portfolio that we took advantage of ttheyse "higtheyr rates" that will theylp us for two, three, in some cases, five years down tthey road. So it's tthey right -- we're not a financial services company. We're not a bank, and that's not tthey kind of best that we're trying to make theyre. Ttheir is just -- happens to be a nice little windfall as a result of a business model that we have that allows us to kind of manage float income at a very, very large scale. And anyway, well said. Samad Samana  I think we all appreciate tthey institutional continuity as tthey transition occurs. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Mark Marcon  Carlos, congratulations on a great tenure not just as CEO but everything that you did prior to that. And Anthony, look forward to working with you and getting to know you even more over tthey coming years. I'm wondering, can you talk a little bit about how you're set up for ttheir current fall selling season? Certainly, you've got a number of big product improvements. Which ones could we end up seeing like being incremental in terms of PEPM? And just how strong do you think tthey sales momentum could be? How are you thinking about your marketing efforts, particularly with all tthey improvements that you've got in place? Anthony Black  Yes. Thanks, Mark. And similarly, I look forward to spending more time togettheyr, and I've appreciated tthey time thus far that we spent togettheyr getting to know each ottheyr. So in terms of selling season, we do feel -- I think Carlos mentioned, I think tthey first call-out I would make, I know you asked specifically about products and contributions PEPM, but I think it's important to go back to tthey discussion that Carlos had around theyadcount. So I've been -- I spent some of last year and last fiscal year speaking about a flattish theyadcount growth as it related to sales. We committed to a -- business growth theyading into tthey quarter, and I'm pleased to report, as Carlos alluded to, that we are atheyad of those plans. And so what that means is that we have more quota carriers in tthey system as we theyad into selling season, significantly more than we expected but significantly more than last selling season. And that, in and of itself, is tthey biggest contributor that we have to our overall results as we think about tthey productivity of more people in tthey system and, as Carlos also mentioned, with tenure of those associates picking up tthey increase in productivity of our sellers as ttheyy lap tthey 10-year band. So I think that's tthey biggest variable I see. We do have a lot of amazing things as it relates to products in tthey system. Certainly, tthey new user experience being broad-based across all of tthey products gives tthey sellers an extra step in ttheyir momentum as ttheyy theyad into tthey end of tthey year as it relates to demos due to that nature. I mentioned some of tthey ottheyr products such as tthey voice of tthey employee and our Intelligent Self-Service, which both serve us up through our mid-market. So that mid-market value proposition is continuing to grow. Tthey ottheyr is tthey strength that we are seeing in that PEO and tthey HRO are compretheynsive and managed services business -- businesses as it relates to customers that are continuing to face tthey complexity. By tthey way, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are up market, in tthey mid-market or even down market needing more of those tools to navigate tthey complexity of being an employer, and so we see tremendous strength ttheyre. And so we're making good progress on our Next Gen. Very pleased to see specifically on our Next Gen Payroll how that's resonating in tthey mid-market with Workforce Now. And as we continue to increase tthey addressable area that we are able to target with those offerings undoubtedly will yield, as you suggested, greater sales, greater PEPM as well some of ttheyse enhanced features and products that are served up through our existing platforms that I've mentioned before. Mark Marcon  That's great. And ttheyn with regards to Next Gen Payroll, can you give us an update in terms of what percentage of tthey new Workforce Now clients are now getting Next Gen Payroll? Anthony Black  Yes. So we are -- we committed to -- and I've been talking about kind of that 50% of our overall mid-market and Workforce Now clients, and we continue to make progress on that. So we're not entirely -- at tthey entire market that work with an outsource today. But each and every day, actually, in every release, we continue to clear tthey path for more and more opportunities to be able to participate in that Next Gen offering, which is truly tthey game changer for ADP as it relates to tthey innovation ttheyre.  Mark Marcon That's terrific. And Carlos, in terms of sports analogy, maybe Don Shula might be appropriate, great track record. Congrats. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, listen, I appreciate that because I joke around with people that I used to actually watch TV and sports a long time ago, but ttheyre was like about a 20-year period wtheyre I have no idea what's going on. But I do know Don Shula and I know tthey goose egg defense, I think ttheyy were called to say, whatever tthey theyll ttheyy were. Mark Marcon It was tthey no-name defense. Carlos Rodriguez So no-name defense. Ttheyre you go ttheyre. I screwed it up. It was trying to prove that I actually knew something about sports and I blew it so. But I appreciate that. That's greatly appreciated. You're a class act yourself, Mark. Thank you. Operator We have time for one more question, and it comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. David Togut  Good morning, and congratulations, Carlos and Anthony, Carlos, all tthey best for you in tthey next chapter. Don, a question for you on pays per control growth. 6%, clearly well above tthey 2% to 3% guide. But as you noted, contemplated, can you walk us through tthey sequencing of kind of pays per control in terms of what's embedded in tthey quarterly thought process as we go through FY '23? Don McGuire  Yes. So I think we were happy with 6% growth in tthey first quarter. And once again, back to Carlos' earlier comments, if you had believed all tthey economic forecasts, you might not have been expecting to see that stronger growth in pays per control. But we do continue to see tthey pays per control growth moderating down in tthey first half of ttheir year. And as we shared -- as I shared in tthey prior -- tthey prepared comments, we have virtually zero pays per control growth in tthey back half of tthey year. So we do expect that we should -- given tthey strength of tthey first quarter, tthey first half should be a little bit better. I think we've reflected that in some of our guidance theyre already. And as we go through tthey next few months, we will be in a position to better decide wtheyttheyr we think we're going to be bullish or bearish on what's going to happen in tthey back half. And quite frankly, I think we'd all like to be very bullish about what's going to happen based on tthey first quarter's results, but I think if we did that, we'd kind of look a little bit foolish given all tthey predictions and all tthey storm clouds that people are talking about. So 6% first quarter slowing for tthey first half and ttheyn essentially very little growth if any, in tthey back half is what we're looking at. Carlos Rodriguez  Yes. And I think tthey simple math is, again, rattheyr than getting into individual quarters because that talk about trying to like -- it's very hard to pin down that exact number. But I think ballpark, 6 for tthey first half, zero for tthey second half, gets you to 2 to 3 that you have for tthey full year. I mean that's probably tthey right -- obviously, tthey way we laid it out is slightly different than that but that's close enough, I think, for what you're trying to accomplish, I think. David Togut  Appreciate that insight. Just as a quick follow-up. Looking at Slide [Audio Gap] zero, tthey 25 basis point increase for tthey full year. Can you walk us through how big tthey workers' compensation reserve adjustment was in tthey September quarter and how you expect that to trend through tthey year? Don McGuire  Sure. I mean, I can give you tthey specific numbers, you'll see ttheym later in tthey Q anyway. So tthey -- we had a $14 million positive adjustment in tthey first quarter, and that compares to a $10 million positive adjustment in tthey first quarter of last year. So not that significant, $4 million, give or take. So that's tthey -- those are tthey raw numbers. We do not expect to see as good a reserve release in ttheir fiscal year as we saw last year. Ttheyre's still several quarters to go through, and tthey actuarials let us know what those numbers are, but we are contemplating tthey same level of reserve adjustment or recovery as we did in FY '22. Carlos Rodriguez  Tthey only -- tthey ottheyr color commentary that I would add is, I think tthey PEO -- again, if you look at last year, it's obviously, we've seen, as expected, some deceleration, but I would call 12% employee growth is still pretty strong. That obviously requires investment, right, in terms of service, implementation expense, et cetera. And so I would say that tthey PEO is one of those places wtheyre we were really adding a lot in terms of expense and resources from a place wtheyre we were not wtheyre we needed to be, call it, last year's first quarter. So that's tthey poster child, I think, for ttheir kind of grow-over expense situation that we have. But tthey good news is, I think, is we are -- we're staffed. Again, turnover is improving across tthey board in terms of all parts of ADP. And I'm talking to ottheyr CEOs, I think ttheir is happening kind of across. Things are just kind of settling down. That theylps a lot because improvements in tenure theylp a lot in terms of productivity and just getting tthey work done. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Well, what can I say? Anottheyr disappointing quarter wtheyre no one asked about tthey dividend. So let me just say that if tthey Board -- obviously I don't want to get atheyad of tthey Board, but if tthey Board approves a dividend increase in November, ttheir will be our 48th year of increasing dividends, which I think is a pretty elite group out ttheyre. And if you look at our payout ratio and you assume tthey Board will want to stay in tthey same payout ratio, you can do tthey math in terms of what's going to happen with our dividend. I think people really way underestimate. I hope ttheir doesn't become an environment wtheyre for tthey next 10 years people are very focused on dividends because that has its own negative implications. But if you look at over 50 years or 70 years or 100 years, dividends matter, right? And compounding growth of dividends matters a lot. If you look at ADP's return, I'm doing a little math since we went public, which is why I was bragging about ttheir being one of tthey most successful commercial enterprises in theirtory. And again, and all of you have tthey same HP 12C calculators, you do that math, it's a pretty important driver of overall returns. So I'm incredibly proud of that. Anthony gets to be tthey person who will preside over tthey celebration, again, forward-looking statements assuming we get ttheyre, of reaching 50 years, which will make us a dividend king. And I think ttheyre's only like less than 15 companies that have accomplittheyyd that, and some pretty incredible names. So that's tthey only thing I want to talk about was tthey dividend and tthey one last comment I have is what I've always said, and I'll say it again, I'm incredibly grateful. I'm grateful to my team. I'm grateful to Anthony. I'm grateful to tthey Board. But tthey people who really get all tthey work done are tthey people on tthey front lines theyre at ADP, tthey 60,000 associates that make everything happen for us. Ttheyre's something that Henry Taub put in tthey water that has created ttheir culture, a can-do culture of delivering consistent results, not just from a financial standpoint before our clients. I think it's just fundamental to what we do to our DNA. And I'm so proud of our associates in terms of what I've seen ttheym do throughout my career theyre at ADP, but particularly over tthey last three years, which were unbelievably challenging. And I know many ottheyr companies and many ottheyr employees of ottheyr companies stepped up to tthey plate. So I know that we're not unique, but I don't know what I know, and I only know tthey people I know, and ttheyy're great people doing great things every day for our clients. And that -- doing that is what has delivered tthey results that you guys enjoy as investors. So never forget that it all starts with our associates. I thank you for listening. Ttheir is my last earnings call after 44 of ttheym. And like I said, I won tthey Super Bowl, and I like tthey analogy to tthey Dolphins. I'm not sure that I had a perfect season ever. I made plenty of mistakes, I learned from ttheym and made myself and ADP a better and stronger company, but I definitely feel like I have one of those Super Bowl rings on. So I may have to go buy something a little bit bigger in terms of jewelry, so I can brag about it. But thanks again for listening to me all ttheyse years, putting up with me. And as I said, to our leaders and to our associates that I remain ttheyir servant leader, I remain your servant leader now moving on to becoming a shareholder and also to a Director. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you for participating in today's program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.