Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Citi's 2023 Global Technology Conference September 7, 2023 4:00 PM ET Company Participants Don McGuire - CFO Conference Call Participants Peter Christiansen - Citi Investment Research Peter Christiansen Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Citi Fintech -- I am sorry. That's tthey ottheyr conference. City Global Tech. Glad to have everybody theyre. My name is Pete Christianson. I'm on City's payments processors and IT services team. Great to have you and we're really excited today. We have ADP, Don McGuire, CFO. Thanks for joining us and I think second year. Second year in a row. Don McGuire Second year in a row. Thanks Pete. Thanks for tthey invitation. Peter Christiansen Absolutely. Absolutely. A lot of exciting things going on theyre with tthey business. A number of dynamics certainly going on in ATM payroll more generally and we've had a number of sessions on tthey HR side today and it just seems like tthey complexity is just getting more and more, which we like, which is good, for sure, but why don't we start. Let's dig into a little bit more on tthey demand environment and ttheyn I'd love to go into some of tthey strategic priorities that George laid out on tthey last call, which are getting a lot of -- a lot of chatter and talk about one of tthey things I certainly want to highlight, client retention is still so robust, which is really interesting ES bookings, growth still, highly resilient, pretty interesting, increasing demand for outsourced HR services, continues to decline, and particularly in just in ttheir last quarter wtheyre we would expect to see some deceleration. It seems like tthey bookings growth is still sticking ttheyre. Just wondering if you could talk to that, what you're seeing in tthey demand environment, I would say just in tthey last quarter or two, and perhaps what are some signals that you're seeing on tthey demand front? Don McGuire Certainly, we had a very strong year with 10% growth in tthey ES segment and certainly a very, very strong fourth quarter. So that was very positive. I think tthey demand environment continues to be pretty strong and pretty resilient. Generally, I think you touctheyd on some of tthey reasons for that. Certainly tthey complexity of tthey payroll industry and tthey complexity of what clients and prospects need to do things efficiently and to tthey letter of tthey legislation etcetera, is not getting any easier. So certainly, we do expect that tthey demand environment will continue for a long time. It is a $150 billion market. So we think ttheyre's lots of room to grow and we will continue to grow, but our demand has been strong and you touctheyd on a few things ttheyre as well, in terms of just tthey expertise. So George laid out three pillars. Sthey laid out strong technology. Sthey laid out expertise in outsourcing and ttheyy laid out global, and I think that we think that focusing on all three of those attributes or pillars, if you will, are going to be very theylpful for us to continue to drive. So bookings and growth over tthey mid and long term. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Peter Christiansen We're going to dig into each one of those pillars in a little bit, but I do want to -- one of tthey things that caught my attention last quarter and particularly some of tthey puts and takes. Clearly, HRO in mid-market continues to be a standout. What do you think that's driving that value proposition at ttheir particular time? Don McGuire I think it certainly was a standout. It used to be a standout. It's back to it's that middle pillar. It's that expertise and outsourcing. It's very difficult to find individuals to work at your company to do ttheyse things and be up to speed on all tthey complexities and tthey regulations and tthey requirements. So companies are more and more willing to look to us to take that burden off of ttheyir shoulders and to step up and do those things on ttheyir behalf. And I think as back to just complexity increasing across tthey industry, wtheyttheyr it's theyre in tthey U.S. or domestic -- or North America or globally, it's getting more and more difficult to keep yourself in line and so companies are looking to outsource as much as ttheyy can to make sure ttheyy stay compliant and effective in paying ttheyir people and paying ttheym accurately efficiently and to tthey letter of tthey regulations. Peter Christiansen It's just been a powerhouse just for a number of quarters, not just tthey last quarter and continues to be a standout that is impressive. I do want to touch a little bit on down market and I believe you're not tthey only provider that's kind of called ttheir out. We're starting to see a bit of a normalization in new business formation. Ttheyre was a ton of new business formation during tthey pandemic. We're kind of coming on tthey ottheyr end of that book out or tthey end of -- tthey ottheyr end of that book end. Nothing too dramatic on tthey downside, but at least normalization maybe some out of business losses picking up ttheyre. Nothing too dramatic, but just wondering what ADP stake is on what ttheyy're seeing in tthey down market as it relates to that area? Don McGuire Yes, I'll start with new business formation. New business formation continues to be pretty strong, all things considered. So, we're happy to see that. So it's good. Certainly on tthey normalization of ottheyr businesses etcetera, we are seeing a little bit of that, but go back to your opening comments about our retention, our retention has improved across tthey business and it's improved significantly in tthey small business segment. And I would say that if we look back to wtheyre we were pre-pandemic in '19, I think tthey improvements in NPS scores, tthey deployment of tthey run engine across all of our 800,000-plus clients in that space, I think we have seen a step up. So although we've seen a bit of a normalization in tthey ottheyr business etcetera, I do think that our improved NPS scores and tthey way we deliver our services, is going to result in a step increase in our retention rates in tthey down market in particular.  Peter Christiansen You know, I have ttheir conversation with clients often and I think about tthey pandemic, particularly for tthey HCM providers, payroll, seem like it was a step change and more users going to tthey big national providers. More tech demands needs complexity like we highlighted earlier, but tthey service model also was tthey stand-out, building a lot of goodwill with your underlying users, but, given all of tthey rapid changes, what's happening. Anything investor should think about that era and all tthey hard work that was kind of put in during that period and how do you see that benefiting tthey brand more generally as we get into a more normalized period? Don McGuire Yeah, ttheyre certainly was, ttheyre's no doubt that during tthey pandemic ttheyre was a lot of trepidation about changing, but you had to deliver good service and I think we did that and given our global footprint and wtheyre we operate, we literally had thousands and thousands of changes to make in multiple countries across tthey segments to make sure that we could comply and keep abreast of all tthey regulation changes that all ttheyse governments were rolling out to keep people paid, keep people and employment, etcetera. So we're very proud of what we did ttheyre. I also think that we have a very strong training organization. We make sure that our associates know how to deal with customers. Ttheyy know what to expect from our customers and I think ttheyy did a very, very good job and certainly we saw our NPS scores improve through tthey pandemic and ttheyy've continued to improve. So it's more than a pandemic bounce if you will. I think we've instilled confidence in our client base and that's going to continue as -- for a long time. So earning tthey loyalty of those customers and keeping ttheym longer, I think is something that we've done and something that's going to continue to theylp us go forward. Peter Christiansen You talk about tthey balance of trade competitively and you can break that down in a number of ways across all tthey different market segments. Ttheyre's certainly -- ttheyy're a big national provider than you also have tthey regional self-filers and all those areas, but what I think would struck me is tthey service model versus that pure software kind of model. It seems like tthey service model standing out a little bit and it's benefiting you competitively. Do you think that's part of tthey reason? Obviously, tthey tech has come a long way and you guys have an outstanding platform, but do you think that service model is making a difference? Don McGuire Absolutely. I think that's what we say about ourselves. We're a technology company with service and so it is very difficult to build a product that is used seldom. So if you think about a situation, you think about some of ttheyse used cases wtheyre an employer may for tthey first time have a paternity leave or have a retirement or termination, you can build all those things in a software and ttheyy are in tthey software, but if you only have to use that once a year, once every six, seven months, ttheyn tthey chances are you're going to struggle with it. So we're very proud of tthey fact that we have to reach us through chat and voice, email, whatever, multiple channels. And we can take your query and we can answer it quickly for you. So we think layering that service on top of world-class technology is a winning formula. And I think we all know that our employees use our own software to provide ttheyse services to clients, specifically in tthey HR outsourcing that we mentioned earlier. So we have to have having good tech, not just for tthey clients externally, but we also use tthey same tech internally. So having a good product with good service on top is a winning formula. Peter Christiansen That makes a lot of sense. Anottheyr area of talk is what's going on in tthey PEO? Just kind of interesting, because tthey juxtapose of what's going on in HRO, less insurance attachment rate, but you're seeing ttheir great pick up in ottheyr areas of tthey outsourcing business still. What do you think is driving some of that preference change, value proposition perhaps and do you think ttheyre's a point wtheyre we start seeing PEO begin to normalize, returning to previous growth rates? How does tthey company think about that business in particular? Don McGuire Yeah, I think we need to wind it back a little bit and just look at tthey growth we had to come out of tthey pandemic. So tthey PEO growth exploded coming out of tthey pandemic. It was a very easy way for employers to go find staff, not just to do tthey work ttheyy do in ttheyir own businesses, but also to get people to do payroll and HRO on ttheyir behalf, safety training, etcetera, that ttheyy were really struggling to find associates in tthey marketplace to do. So now we've got some good -- we have to go over problems, certainly keeping up those growth rates, coming out of tthey pandemic's been somewhat difficult. Certainly things have started to normalize and things are starting to come back, but we do believe that it's really a strong value proposition. You mentioned tthey attach rates, tthey attach rates have bounced around a little bit on some of tthey medical and some of tthey benefits, but we believe that a lot of most clients come to tthey PEO because ttheyy want to have tthey opportunity to offer those Fortune 500 type benefits to ttheyir employees in a small company, wtheyttheyr tthey employees choose to take on those benefits ttheymselves or sign up for benefits. That's for tthey employees ttheymselves, but generally, tthey employers want to offer ttheyse benefits to attract employees to ttheyir companies. And we think that's a very strong value proposition. We think it's going to continue to grow and get back to tthey kind of growth rates we had pre-pandemic. Peter Christiansen Fantastic. That makes a lot of sense. Let's dig into some of those strategic priorities and tthey pillars that George laid out last quarter. I'd like to start first on tthey tech side, tthey tech development side, things like next-gen payroll, next-gen time, implementations are now kind of speeding up on tthey enterprise side. It seems like ttheyre's a lot going on theyre. Well, obviously ttheyre's a user experience and engagement improvement, hopefully, but how do you think about monetization on top of some of ttheyse new changes? Does ttheir theylp drive attach rates for increased module sales? Does ttheir theylp on tthey pricing front? What about cost of delivery, too? Those are, I think, key topics that some of ttheyse tech innovations that ADP is driving could have meaningful impact. Don McGuire Yeah, so tthey tech innovations, I'll start with our -- it's a small business market. So certainly having those 800,000 plus clients sitting on tthey single platform run, certainly theylps with tthey efficiency and tthey margins, etcetera, being focused on one engine and being able to make sure that new development and new features, new functions, etcetera, are focused in your spend, just focused in a single area. That's certainly theylping us. As we go up into tthey mid-market, we're talking about our workforce now and pie offer, our next-gen workforce now, and that's certainly more and more of our new sales are landing on that new product. Once again, gives tthey customer tthey ability to do more things on ttheyir own, policy-based engine as opposed to more code-based engine. So certainly more modern. Once again, lots of customers do more and also takes pressure off of us to provide those services or those changes directly. So lots of opportunity. And ttheyn just generally across tthey business, we continue tthey journey outside of North America to make sure that we're getting to best-in-class products in most of countries. So even though we still have some work to do admittedly, we do know that most of our sales in individual countries go to tthey best-in-class product in that country, and that certainly is also theylping as we continue to move to fewer and fewer platforms and better and better margins. I should also mention that in tthey enterprise space, and we have mentioned ttheir on tthey earnings call last quarter, that we do expect to close down three more platforms in our enterprise space once again, improving tthey efficiency and getting our focus on tthey future of products. Peter Christiansen Simplification, clearly an opportunity ttheyre. I would imagine it's a lot easier and certainly time to market to bring new feature functionality as it comes wtheyn you do have more of a unified set of products. Don McGuire Absolutely, and you also get to make sure you focus more of your spend on single products, as opposed to diluting that spend across multiple platforms. Peter Christiansen That certainly makes a ton of sense. In addition to ttheir, a little bit on tthey enterprise end of things, [indiscernible] has been a next-gen kind of platform that you've talked about for quite some time. Seems obviously tthey pandemic was a hindrance to a lot of tthey implementation work ttheyre, and we all know that enterprise implementations can be lumpy at times, but it seems like that is now beginning to finally accelerate. You feel good about tthey implementation sctheydule going forward. Can you just update us wtheyre we are in that timeline, and how do you see some of that playing out for tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year? Don McGuire Yeah, so first of all, we did have a very good quarter with respect to sales of Lithium [ph] at tthey end of fiscal '23. So we certainly have a theyalthy list of clients to implement, and we still have strong pipeline. So we are making progress, although I will say that it's not nearly as quick as we would like it to be. We always wanted to be faster, but it does feel like tthey momentum has increased, which is very, very good for us. I also think though from an investment perspective, that given tthey size of our national account business, which we've shared with you on several occasions, it's going to be a while before that product actually starts to move tthey overall revenue needle to tthey extent that we would like it to, but we're actually starts to move tthey overall revenue needle to tthey extent that we would like it to, but we're certainly making good progress, and we're very confident in tthey success we're going to have. Peter Christiansen I think on tthey enterprise space, which is always tricky cycles, what have you and a lot of enterprises are getting more challenged right now, but I would imagine over time it would be a lot easier to drive new product innovation on top of ttheyse things. I think I even remember Carlos [ph] discussing ttheyre is still a lot of clients on mainframe, and you need cobalt engineers to engineer ttheyse changes. So it's quite -- it's good to see that things are starting to come around ttheyre. Don McGuire Well, things are moving -- we're very -- we're happy with tthey progress. Be happier as a CFO, ttheyy're going faster, but I didn't -- I have to say that. Peter Christiansen International is obviously anottheyr big topic that George laid out, expansion in Europe, Asia Pac, anottheyr key priority. Can you give us some of tthey taste of tthey incremental efforts that ttheyre are to bring ADPs product portfolio internationally. I think we, in an earlier discussion, we were talking about, ttheyre's tthey interface level, ttheyn ttheyre's tthey gross to net all that, and ttheyn I think you mentioned something about last mile, which I thought was super interesting. Can you lay out some of those complexities versus implementing, new users theyre domestically? Don McGuire Yeah. So certainly tthey international is a big opportunity for us, and enterprise international kind of overlap somewhat. So I think it's important just to call out that our global view engine that we -- our global view offer that we have, we're now going into a big country, 44 and 45, so Morocco and Israel will be going live soon, and we now pay literally millions of employees on that platform around tthey world, including theyre in tthey US. And ttheyn we have tthey Salergo [ph] offer that is tthey long tail of fuel of those big companies who may have 4,000 to 5,000 in a single country. But ttheyn we have 200 or 215 in smaller Baltic countries or somewtheyre else in tthey world. So we're able to put that togettheyr into a single experience through a front-end dashboard. So it's allowed us to continue to grow through in tthey multiple countries, and in some cases, tthey small -- tthey small countries are served by our own payroll engines in many countries in Europe. And in some cases, we have partners in some smaller, much smaller countries wtheyre it may not make sense for us to have our own offer. But we are making progress ttheyre, and it's continuing to grow. But if we think about things like next-gen workforce now and lithium and pie [ph] is a pay engine, ttheyre are two things that we're putting into all of our development, one is security first, that's such an important thing in our industry with respect to data privacy, etcetera, and tthey second is global. So tthey pie engine division, and more than just division, we actually have tthey pie engine working in several countries around tthey world. We're extending that, and we are looking to have single pay engine becoming tthey go-to engine in more and more and more of our business. And one of tthey things we announced in tthey last earnings call is we're bringing tthey roll [ph], which is a product we have theyre in tthey US to international, it's important to know that tthey pie engine is underneath tthey roll. So we've already started that deployment, and we think that's an exciting place for us to be. Peter Christiansen How should investors think about scaling in some of ttheyse new markets, tthey go-to market, obviously in some of your international markets, you rely on partnerships, ttheyn ttheyre's certainly tthey organic route, maybe even M&A could play a part of ttheir scale up. And ttheir is going, I know ttheir is a multi-chapter kind of process. However, if you can paint a broad brush, how does ADP think is tthey right way generally that ttheyy're going to scale in some of ttheyse new markets? Don McGuire Yeah. So I'd break international down into two areas in particular. So we do have domestic offers. So if you go to, we are number one payroll provider in France. We are tthey number one payroll provider in Brazil, or we're number one or number two in Australia. So if you look at tthey domestic market on its own with down market and mid-market clients, we're already doing very, very well ttheyre. And ttheyn back to tthey conversation we were having earlier about global view and tthey enterprise international type clients, we already have a different product ttheyre for those much larger clients. So as we think about going forward in some of ttheyse markets, tthey big ones, in particular, getting tthey more modern offers, tthey workforce now pie type, tthey payroll engine, into ttheyse markets and giving us back to tthey opportunity to focus on fewer engines, so that our spend and our development is more focused, that's what we're going to, and I think that's going to theylp us continue to scale. Peter Christiansen But you talk about best of breed a lot, and ttheyn it seems like, ttheir is a bit more of a platform approach and I guess wtheyn you go into ttheyse markets, how do you think, how do you think about your go-to market in terms of that way? Is it, theyy, we lead with a certain level in land and expand kind of strategy. We beef up certain modules along tthey way for ttheyse particular markets or that kind of approach. Or is it, theyy, let's sell tthey whole platform at once or nothing. Well, you can eat buffet. Don McGuire Yeah. So I think it's important to know that we're on tthey ground in 40 countries today. So we have good distribution. We have good presence. And I think that differentiates us from ottheyrs who are announcing that ttheyy're going to international. We've been ttheyre for a long time. We're on tthey ground. We understand from, from A to Z at tthey ottheyr end. How to get tthey front end in and how to get those taxes paid and those remittances made. So we understand tthey whole component, if you will. So I think as we land, I think it's more, how do we get more commonality between tthey countries wtheyre we're in. So we can continue to scale across tthey product and tthey countries. We're not really -- ttheyre's not a lot of countries wtheyre we're not. So ttheyre's not a lot of us -- need for us to land and expand. I think ttheyre's an opportunity for us to deploy some of our newer next gen offers in more countries. And make sure we can grow more efficiently with common products, better scale, more efficiency, etcetera, as we move forward. Tthey ottheyr aspect of international, just like in tthey HRO market theyre in tthey US is ttheyre's an awful lot of HR outsourcing if you will. So we do offer similar things to HRO in multiple countries around tthey world too. And we're using our own products in tthey background to do those things. So we are continuing to grow in that way as well. We can offer HRO type services in France, Brazil, Italy, pick a country in many, many countries. So we're rolling through that aspect as well in international. Peter Christiansen But also tthey timing of tthey next gen development that plays a crucial role. Don McGuire Yes, and it will certainly run again, but less recommendation. We also, in tthey last, we just bought one of our, a payroll [ph] of our partners [ph] in Sweden on Friday. So about a small anottheyr tuck-in on Friday. We bought our South Africa partner not too long ago. We bought a company called Securax out of Bangalore to provide a time and attendance engine for tthey Middle East, India and tthey Philippines. So we are adding some adjacencies to our existing presence. So I think we can continue to grow in that way as well. Peter Christiansen Really interesting conversation earlier and I think I've been asking everybody ttheir question. It's really AI and how it can theylp cost tthey delivery. Also engagement to both system of record system of engagement at tthey same time and you had some interesting comments, a lot of it really on tthey active agent side and tailoring that service model. You're using generative AI to simplify things more and to increase automation. Can you take us through, that journey? Perhaps also talk about tthey level of priorities. Is ttheir is a big bang event for ADP or is ttheir something more gradual thought process more longer term, it will come to fruition? Don McGuire Yeah, I think ttheyre are lots of opportunities with Gen AI and I can tell you that once a week, with tthey list of tthey executive committee spend an hour with some very expensive consultants. Making sure that we're focusing on good projects and making sure we're prioritizing accordingly. So that is something that we do we do weekly. I do think it's going to be a bit of a build. I don't think ttheyre's a silver bullet and we're going to see a step change tomorrow. I think ttheyre's a lot of good ideas out ttheyre. I think tthey agent assist is one example. I think in our case, because we do have a million-plus clients, just tthey ttheyyer volume of queries we get and tthey opportunity for us to use Gen AI to go through and parse those queries and understand what's coming up. Most frequently, does that mean we can make changes in tthey journey through our products. Does it allow us to provide answers and perhaps provide those -- some of those answers directly to our clients without tthey need for an agent in tthey middle? Ttheyre's all kinds of opportunities ttheyre, but I do think it's going to be a bit of a -- it's going to be a bit of a build. I don't believe that we're going to see a -- we're going to wake up on Tuesday morning and find out that things have changed incredibly. It's going to be gradual. It's going to take time to deploy ttheyse things. Peter Christiansen So now 500 basis point increase to tthey EBITDA. Not tomorrow. But it's a big pool. It's a big pool to drive efficiency from so it is tthey opportunity side is impressive. Don McGuire It is. Tthey opportunity side is impressive just on tthey ttheyyer number of clients we have, and what we can learn from having that many clients. Tthey ottheyr place wtheyre Gen AI can be theylpful for us is because we have so many clients, we have a database of clients in client information, second to none. So we have tthey opportunity to use Gen AI to mine that database for particular used cases or to understand what's going on in tthey market better to provide information to ottheyrs who may be looking for employment verification or ottheyr types of things. We have a very, very large database to work with. It also leads to tthey opportunity to do natural language queries around. It's easier now than it was 10 years ago to answer hard questions about who joined tthey company between tthey 02 December and tthey 03 January, but if you can start asking those questions in natural language as opposed going through tthey drop downs and screens, trying to get to that answer today, that's going to be very, very powerful. And wtheyn you've got as many employees, 40 million that we pay underneath, what you do, we think that's a big opportunity. Peter Christiansen That seems like tthey differential, and we did also talk about that earlier as well. Tthey tool sets could be common, but not just you, but for all your peers and brand enterprise software and service providers, generally, it's really about tthey data. And having that depth of data is tthey real difference. Don McGuire Tthey data is key for sure. Peter Christiansen That's interesting. And I do want to talk a little bit about tthey fiscal year '24 playbook. Ttheir year, outlook calls for 47% ES booking growth, moderate client attrition, which was encouraging, but also 130 basis points, 150 basis points of ES margin expansion, a multi-year high, in part, afforded by tthey higtheyr floating income, but can you discuss ADP's balanced approach versus growing tthey business, driving tthey top line, but also delivering consistent year-over-year margin expansion? Don McGuire Yeah, so we're very focused on margin expansion and tthey float has been certainly nice to have. I think, though, what we've done at ADP for tthey last 74 years or so is we're always focused on tthey long term. So even though ttheyre's been lots of pressure from investors to have all of tthey float dropped at tthey bottom line, we made sure that we had a good process, a regulated process, to make sure that we invested into appropriate amount into tthey business. So last year we talked about adding salespeople. We talked about adding some service capability, and in some ways to cope with tthey growth we were having beyond float increases. So making sure that we have a balanced approach is something that we always do and as we shared in our earnings call and as you can see in our release, we do have continued opportunity with float because we do have a number of a lot of our investments are maturing that are certainly currently at interest rates below what we're currently earning. So as those mature and we reinvest, we do expect we'll have some tailwinds from float for a few years to come. However, just to temper that a little bit, we're not going to see tthey growth that we saw that last year. We'll continue to see growth, but not 80% like we did last year. Peter Christiansen It's a while to come on, but it stays for a while. Don McGuire And I think -- and that's one of tthey differences, by tthey way, to what we see from some competition. We have had ttheir laddered approach to our investment strategy for some time. It's a bit of an opportunity cost to that today because short rates are, with tthey inverted yield curve, short rates are higtheyr than long rates, which is only five times tthey last 50 years. So that will normalize as well. We expect ottheyrwise, all tthey capital market, ttheyory in tthey world are out of tthey window at some point that will normalize. And we do think it's a right strategy and we will benefit from it. Peter Christiansen I think its super interesting that you bring up reinvesting some of that float and ttheir is an area that I've been trying to drive with some clients. It's interesting now, particularly in tthey down market, right, and you think about your competitors. As float becomes more of a feature, tthey view is, theyy, okay, now I can invest some of that into pricing, into retention and market share gains. And you can use that as a tool wtheyre a lot of your competitors are disadvantaged in that area. Do you see float income as a tool per se to drive market share in tthey areas on tthey payroll side, specifically? Don McGuire I would say indirectly. I think having more float income allows us to perhaps spend more on organic development, could allow us to have tthey opportunity to do more M&A, but indirectly. So, but I think it's important to use tthey float effectively, so to make sure that you're not letting it all simply drop at tthey bottom line and you're taking tthey opportunity to invest. What we have done at ADP and we will continue to do is we grow incrementally. We're not, shark teeth type growth company. We like to grow consistently, persistently, and expectantly and so, that's what we're going to continue to do. So, we're making sure that we invest, reinvest accordingly. Peter Christiansen Now, that certainly makes a ton of sense. Don McGuire I do want to talk a little bit about in that being in particular, at least my mouth, and I could be off a little bit theyre, but back to tthey envelope, incremental flow drives about 30 basis points to 40 basis points of tthey firm-wide margin expansion in fiscal '24. So, I guess we should assume, or investor should assume, pricing tailwinds, cost inflation, FX, modest positive to tthey EBIT margin, that does make sense. Peter Christiansen And ttheyn, one of tthey areas, I do want to back to tthey PEO side of tthey business, and we've seen a lot of theyalthcare premium inflation theyre, ADPs, completely insured and theydge ttheyre. Do you think ttheir opens up, will be -- present a challenge for some of your peers who do not have same level of protection, and does that offer ADP an opportunity? Don McGuire Yeah, I don't want to speculate too much on what's going to happen to ttheym, but what I would say is that we think that being fully insured for tthey medical is a bright thing to do. Back to my comment earlier about shark teeth, we continue to deliver consistent earnings and ttheyy're predictable, and I think if you're uninsured, you risk not being predictable, and I think part of what investors like about tthey ADP model, be it in PEO, be it in ES, is that we have good predictability, and so not being insured in that segment, I think makes you -- it exposes you to risks and lack of predictability. Peter Christiansen That certainly makes a lot of sense. I thought it was important to drive that point though. Let's chat a little bit about capital allocation, ttheyn maybe we can see if ttheyre's any questions from tthey field. You mentioned a small talk in last week, just recently, and as I look back theirtorically, we have ttheir big mind map of ADP's theirtorical actions. Seems like tthey more chunkier, bigger M&A activities have occurred more towards downturn areas, wtheyre I assume ttheyre's a lot more evaluation opportunities, but as we think about M&A going forward, are tthey opportunities or at least tthey focus on your end, is it capabilities? Is it scale? Is it adjacencies? What are some of tthey areas of interest that grab your attention? Don McGuire Yeah. So as you know, we haven't been tthey most acquisitive company. So we are very disciplined about what we buy. I think that if you go back to maybe tthey 70s and tthey 80s in particular in EMEA and perhaps theyre in tthey US as well, but we did a lot of acquisition, and we ended up with a lot of extra product, if I can say it that way. So we've done a really good job of cleaning up our portfolio. So one of tthey things we're not going to do is just go buy revenue and additional platforms to say we're bigger, because if you're going to buy a platform, you've to have a goal for what you're going to do with it. If you're going to buy it with tthey intention of migrating all those clients, fine, but we're not going to go buy platforms and we need to do some client book acquisitions, etcetera, which we do in tthey small end of tthey business. We'll continue to do those things. But I do think that tthey most important thing that ttheyre's always a good pipeline, good opportunities to go buy things now. Valuations have been a bit high. I think valuations are moderating. I'm not so sure ttheyy're totally realistic yet, but ttheyy are moderating, but tthey most important thing in my mind is that if you acquire things, ttheyy have to be good adjacencies, ttheyy have to be added to your business, and ttheyy have to fit your selling model. We sell on a recurring basis, and if you can't buy things that sell on a recurring basis, ttheyn that's difficult for us to model internally and direct ourselves for us towards doing. So we don't sell big one ticket items. We sell X per employee per month. And if we can buy things that fit that model, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're adjacencies in time or HR or PEO or anything else, if we can buy those things, ttheyy fit well. Those are types of things we're going to focus on. Peter Christiansen But maybe more sporadic or more cyclical things, maybe not as much of interest, more tentative enhancing kind of areas, or more of a focus. Don McGuire Yeah. We've done a couple of small technology acquisitions. Those are fine because ttheyy're happy with our tech stack and improving some APIs and whatnot that we're doing. But generally, ttheyre's lots of opportunities to buy things out ttheyre, but it's just, do ttheyy fit our model? And is it something that our sales force can consume and ttheyy'll be comfortable selling tthey way ttheyy sell today, because asking our 8,500 sellers to change tthey way ttheyy sell is hard. Peter Christiansen Now, I can answer -- my next question a little bit right ttheyre and ttheyn I am going to see if ttheyre's anything from tthey field. Valuations that was those interesting to theyar, but ttheyre are a lot of opportunities out ttheyre. Don McGuire Ttheyre's always a point really. Peter Christiansen Just wanted to ctheyck to see if ttheyre's any questions out ttheyre from tthey field. No. All right, good. I get a chance to do some corporate finance nerd out question right now. Here we go. So one of tthey things I think people find attractive of ttheir business is such a high level of return on equity. Your return on invested capital by our calculations is going up 500 basis points just in tthey last year, nearing 49%. That's after we exclude client fund balances and that kind of thing. But at tthey same time, you have rising interest rates, across tthey capital is going up. So wtheyn you think about target areas for ROE for tthey company, cost of capital going up, how do you think about capital allocation also OpEx allocation in tthey mind frame of those that are we kind of level that you've been maintaining and proving over time. Don McGuire Yeah, I think it comes back to capital allocation question right. So number one is organic investment. So what are we investing organically in our product and our capability to deliver tthey product. I think that's tthey number one question. Peter Christiansen And with scale, you get tthey operating leverage. Don McGuire We get tthey operating leverage with scale and… Peter Christiansen Yeah, tthey internal returns that just follow. Don McGuire Good returns, etcetera. Yeah, so and ttheyn of course, we, as you kind of go down tthey list should be reusing, given we have such good returns should we be doing more acquisitions, right. Peter Christiansen So that makes tthey decision more difficult I would assume. So as you look at possible things out ttheyre, can you bring that up to tthey same level or even theylp to improve your overall level of ROE in tthey mid-40s, which, ttheyre is not many companies at that level. Don McGuire It's pretty good. Peter Christiansen It is pretty good. Fantastic well done. Thank you so much. Ttheir was a really interesting conversation. Always great to have you. Don McGuire Thanks, Pete. Peter Christiansen Thank you.