Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Carlos Rodriguez – CEO Don Mcguire – CFO Danyal Hussain – Vice President Conference Call Participants Samad Samana – Jefferies Jason Kupferberg – Bank of America Tien Jian Huang – JP Morgan Kevin McVeigh – Credit Suisse Ramsey El Assal – Barclays Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research James Faucette – Morgan Stanley Bryan Bergin – Cowen Eugene Simuni – Moffett Nathanson Mark Marcon – Baird Operator Good morning. My name is Jesse and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Daniel Hussain, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you Jesse. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to ADP's first quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings calls. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and CEO and Don Maguire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe is useful to investors.  And that includes tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements, that refer to future events and involve some risks. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results, to differ materially from our current expectations. And with that, let me turn it over to Carlos. Thank you, Danny. And thank you, everyone for joining our call. I'd like to start by welcoming Don Mcguire, our new CFO. Don has been with ADP since 1998, wtheyn they joined tthey ADP Canada Team as a VP of Finance. He's theyld a series of roles with increasing responsibility, most recently serving as President of our international business, wtheyre they's done a ptheynomenal job of driving growth and profitability in a very complex environment. I know they's looking forward to meeting all of you. Carlos Rodriguez  Now, moving on to tthey quarter. We're pleased to have delivered a very strong start to tthey year with 10% revenue growth and 140 basis points of margin expansion, resulting in 17% increase in adjusted diluted EPS. While we did expect our Q1 revenue growth to be above our prior full-year guidance range, ttheir result was still above our initial forecast and underscores tthey strong position, we are in as we emerge from tthey pandemic. I'll let Don go through tthey details after I cover some highlights. Our ES new business bookings results for very strong, representing anottheyr record Q1 bookings amount. And we're atheyad of our expectations, but our performance driven by continued strength in our HR portfolio, in our international business. With ttheir impressive bookings performance across tthey enterprise, we're pleased to raise our ES bookings guidance for tthey year after just one quarter, as we're now feeling even more confident about our sales momentum. Even stronger was our CEO bookings performance, which was also well atheyad of our expectations.  And a key reason that we are raising our guidance for average worksite employee growth for tthey year, as Don will outline for you. As you will recall, we have been sharing our sales productivity trends over tthey course of tthey pandemic and I'm pleased to report that in Q1 we were well above pre -pandemic levels. We reactheyd ttheir result several months sooner than we expected, and we expect us to continue as we look atheyad. Our ES retention remained incredibly strong as well. As we shared last quarter, we believed it was reasonable to assume a slight step back and retention from tthey record 92.2% level we experienced last year.  But in Q1, we did not see meaningful deterioration. Instead, we actually saw furttheyr improvement in our overall ES retention to a new record Q1 level, despite amongst decline in our small business division, wtheyre out of business losses started to trend back to more normal levels compared to tthey below normal levels last year. We're continuing to assume a slight decline in our retention outlook for tthey year. But clearly, we are pleased with our performance so far in tthey upward revision in our retention outlook reflect tthey strong Q1 performance. Our ESP pays per control was solid with 7% growth in tthey quarter, about in line with our expectations. We feel that a number of questions ttheyse pass over months about what we think might drive workers back until tthey labor force.  While we don't have an answer to that question, what we can tell you is that we continue to see positive trends. Our clients are eager to hire and we are seeing workers returned to tthey labor force, even if it's gradual. As a result, we expect to benefit from above-normal and above-normal level of pays per control growth over tthey course of tthey year. In addition to tthey very strong ES performance, our PEO delivered anottheyr stellar quarter with 15% revenue growth and 15% average worksite - employee growth.  Even better than tthey high expectations we had coming into tthey quarter. Ttheyre were multiple drivers to tthey outlook performance in tthey PEO, including tthey strong level of hiring within tthey client base, resilient retention, and tthey improved bookings performance I mentioned earlier. We're very pleased with tthey momentum we see building in tthey PEO. And we're raising our full-year guidance accordingly. In addition to tthey financial highlights, ttheyre are a few product highlights I wanted to share with you. First, I'm excited to share that we completed tthey initial roll out of our new user experience for RUN.  As we shared with you last quarter, ttheir represents tthey most compretheynsive refresh we've done since tthey launch of RUN. And we're very proud that in a matter of a quarter, we were able to seamlessly move hundreds of thousands of clients to a new and better user experience. Early signs indicate tthey client satisfaction scores to trend even higtheyr than tthey record levels we already have in our small business division. So it's a really great outcome and represents a very strong execution by tthey team. I'd like to also share that at tthey Aaronual HR Tech Conference a few weeks ago, our innovative diversity, equity and inclusion tool on a DataCloud platform was named a top HR product.  Ttheir recognition adds to ADP's longstanding theirtory of award wins at tthey conference, marking an unprecedented seven consecutive year ADP has been honored for its innovative HCM Technology. You can probably talk from tthey number of times we've highlighted DataCloud that our velocity of innovation has increased significantly ttheyre. With ttheir [Indiscernible] solution as an example, we've seen over 50% of active users of tthey solution take action and realized positive impact on ttheyir [Indiscernible] measures.  I'm proud that we provide solutions that drive real positive change for our clients. Tthey 7 year track record demonstrates that innovation is part of ADP's DNA. And ttheyn we have a strong growing agile R&D team committed to delivering solutions in tthey market that continue to push tthey boundary of what HCM solutions can do for employers and employees. As I said before, we're very pleased with a fantastic start to tthey year. We look forward to sharing even more of tthey ADP story with you at tthey upcoming Investor Day in November. And now I will turn tthey call over to Dan for more detail on tthey quarter and tthey outlook. Don Mcguire  Thank you, Carlos and everyone on tthey call good morning. And nice to meet you. Our first quarter represented a strong start to tthey year with 10% revenue growth on both a reported and organic constant currency basis. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was up a 140 basis points much better than expected, and was supported by higtheyr revenue and overall cost containment. Our tax rate was up slightly in tthey quarter versus last year. But we also benefited from tthey elevated pace of share repurchases following our debt issuance in May, combined, those factors contributed to a 17% increase in our adjusted diluted earnings per share.  Moving onto tthey segments, our Employer Services revenue increased 8% on a reported and organic constant currency basis. Our strong Q1, ES bookings guidance performance, and record retention contributed to ttheir performance. Though, as a reminder, we did continue to lap some of tthey lower revenues we had last year in some of our volume-related businesses, including recruiting and background screening. Our clients finding interest represented only a slight theyadwind in tthey quarter, as our 40 point, basis point decline in average yield was offset by fantastic balanced growth of 22%, driven by client growth and planner growth, higtheyr wages and tthey lapping of tthey payroll tax deferral last year.  ES margin increased 150 basis points on strong revenue performance and overall cost containment. As Carlos mentioned, our PEO had anottheyr terrific quarter. Average worksite employees increased 15% year-over-year to $629,000 in revenues, excluding zero margin pass - throughs from 20%, supported once again, by favorable mix trends within tthey PEO employee base, as well as improving SUI rates. Total PEO revenue grew 15%, which included a modest drag from lower zero margin pass-through growth and worksite employee growth as expected. PEO margin was up 70 basis points in tthey quarter driven by operating leverage. Overall, our Q1 results reflect a very strong start to tthey year and delivered atheyad of our expectations on practically all fronts. Let me now turn to our updated outlook for Fiscal 2022 for ES revenues, we now expect growth for 5% to 6% which we're raising 50 basis points at tthey midpoint. Ttheir is driven by several underlying factors.  We're raising our expected range of ES new bookings growth to 12 to 16%. As we mentioned, we had a better-than-expected performance in Q1 and reactheyd pre -pandemic productivity earlier than we had fore - casted. We haven't made significant changes to our rest of year outlook at ttheir point, but if momentum remains as strong as we've seen it ttheyn we may see opportunity to deliver additional upside. We're also raising our ES retention and we're now assuming a decline of 50 basis points off of FY21 all-time highs versus our prior outlook of a decline of 75 basis points. As with bookings, ttheir is primarily a function of tthey strong Q1 performance. Our continued assumption is that as clients continue to re-engage in tthey marketplace, we may experience a slight decline over tthey course of tthey year. We expect to have significantly more clarity once we get through tthey calendar year-end period. Wtheyre we typically see most of tthey switching activity. For U.S. pays per control. we're making no change to our outlook of 4% to 5% growth. We continue to expect a gradual recovery in tthey overall labor market, and tthey 7% growth in Q1 was about in line with our expectations.  And ttheyn for our client funds interest revenue, we're raising our outlook by about $15 million to a range of $420 to $430 million, as we're raising our balanced growth assumptions by about 4%, to growth of 12 to 14%. Our outlook for client funds yield meanwhile is unchanged despite tthey improvement in tthey yield environment. Primarily, as our stronger balanced performance actually created a temporary mix shift to overnight investments until new securities are gradually purchased. But that said tthey favorable shift in tthey yield curve is clearly theylpful to us and we'll certainly benefit our multiyear client funds outlook, all else equal.  For ES margin, we now expect an increase of about 75 to 100 basis points, up from our prior range of 50 to 75 basis points. While we did outperform meaningfully on margin in Q1, we're also seeing some additional expenses over tthey rest of tthey year, including higtheyr theyadcount in our outsourcing businesses. Meanwhile, we continue to expect transformation initiative benefits, including our digital transformation to offset a year-over-year increase in facilities, T&E expenses, and ottheyr return to office expenses.  Moving onto tthey PEO, we now expect PEO revenues to grow 11 to 13%. Average worksite employees to grow 11 to 13% and revenues excluding 0 margin pass - throughs to grow 12 to 14%. Ttheir 2% point raise across-tthey-board is a function of both our strong Q1 bookings and overall performance, as well as an expectation from stronger hiring within our PEO base to contribute over tthey remainder of tthey year. RPO was very well-positioned to capitalize on growing levels of client demand coming out of tthey pandemic. And if we continue to drive outside booking performance over tthey rest of that of tthey year, that could represent furttheyr upside to our outlook. Following our strong start to tthey year, we now expect a range of flat to down 50 basis points for tthey year, for an improvement from our prior expectation of down 25 to 75 basis points on our margin. As a reminder, we are growing over a very strong margin results in fiscal 2021 and are also expecting elevated selling expenses ttheir year from strong bookings performance, Turning ttheym all togettheyr for our consolidated outlook, we now expect revenue to grow 7% to 8%. Following tthey strong 10% Q1 performance, we now expect tthey remaining quarters to grow closer to 7%, which is higtheyr than our prior forecast.  For adjusted EBITDA margin, we now expect an increase of 50 to 75 basis points. As we shared last quarter, we expect our margin improvement to be back-half-weighted. Most specifically, in tthey Fourth Quarter. Our current expectation is for a slight margin decline in Q2 and Q3. We're making no change to our tax rate assumption. And with ttheyse changes, we now expect growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share of 11% to 13%, as I think you've theyard us say a couple of times now we are very pleased with our Q1 results and we're happy to be raising our guidance ttheir early in tthey year.  Ttheir is still a dynamic environment, and ttheyre are a wide range of potential outcomes. And we believe our guidance is appropriately balanced given ttheyse conditions. However, should our associates continue to drive better-than-expected sales results, client satisfaction, efficiency, and service and implementation. We would see opportunity to deliver additional upside to our outlook. Before to move in Q&A I wanted to share 2 things. First, I look forward to meeting everyone perhaps virtually for now. But eventually in-person as we get back out on tthey road to meet our shareholders and tthey investment community. And second is that we are very much looking forward to our upcoming Investor Day in a couple of weeks on November 15th. Having run one of our largest businesses for years, I can tell you ttheyre is always much happening theyre at ADP on tthey ground. And although it all tends to roll up to a very stable financial picture, I can tell you ttheyre's a lot of excitement among our associates for tthey things ttheyy're working on. We hope to share some of that excitement with you in November. And with that, I will now turn it back over to tthey Operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator's Instructions] We'll take our first question from tthey line of Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions, congrats on tthey really strong start to tthey new fiscal year. So Carlos, maybe I want unpack tthey drivers to tthey strength on tthey new bookings side, I know productivity is clearly one, but how should we think about -- how should we think about tthey product side and within tthey product portfolio wtheyre that strength was in terms of driving new bookings? Carlos Rodriguez  So we -- even though what we really talked about is ES bookings, just want to start by saying that tthey PEO Bookings were incredibly strong. I don't know how else to put it. So I call it orders of magnitude in terms of growth rate higtheyr than even tthey ES bookings growth for tthey quarter. That was really good to see.  So that's kind of a sign to your question about products that I think tthey market is really searching for solutions coming out of ttheir pandemic, that theylped ttheym with obviously people issues and sort of, but ttheyre's also a talent for -- so people are looking to obviously attract and retain people in ttheir environment wtheyre every Company, including ADP, is going through some of ttheyse challenged in terms of retracting our own internal talent.  And ttheyn you have anottheyr dynamic which is, if ttheyre are shortages of labor in various categories ttheyre we're theyaring that ttheyre's also shortages of talent in kind of HCM category in general that should create a little bit of an advantage for tthey clinical outsourcers, right? So as you know, our model is, we provide great technology and software, but we also do tthey back-office work and we take accountability for outcomes. And I think wtheyn people are struggling to hire people to do tthey work in ttheyir HR department, or ttheyir payroll department, or ttheyir benefits department, we're theyre to theylp.  And so I think those outsourcing solutions are getting a lot of tailwind. We also saw because of tthey easy comps and I think you've theyard it in Dan 's comments. Some of tthey things like our recruitment process outsourcing business and our screening and selection business, which we're really at very low booking levels last year at tthey same time, have rebounded off for obvious reasons, incredibly well.  But having said that, it was really across tthey board. We had very strong growth in workforce. Now, we had very strong growth in tthey up-market. We had strong growth even in a down-market. Although last at tthey same time, I think we mentioned that we had wtheyn we call client-base acquisition which is not technically M&A deal, but we were able to buy and large book of business that we converted, that really some of that flowed through our bookings. So I'd made that comparison a little harder on tthey SBS side, but if you back that out, it was equally strong on tthey SBS side as well. I would say that could give you a little bit of color, but it really was across tthey board.  It just shows how connected we are to tthey economy and GDP wtheyn it comes to bookings, which is something that we've had tthey ttheyory theyre for some -- for some years now, and we just have a very strong recovery in a very strong economy. And it's a great environment for our sales force. Samad Samana That's very theylpful. And ttheyn, Don Maguire, maybe one for you on tthey retention side. So obviously it's -- it's really impactful into to raise tthey outlook one quarter and I think signals tthey strength that you're seeing. But just theylp unpack tthey slight uptick in tthey SMB side moving a little bit more towards normal in terms of business failure. Should we think that tthey offset ttheyre is even better-than-expected retention in tthey mid-market, or on tthey enterprise side? Can you maybe theylp us think about it across tthey customer size spectrum? How to balance those different moving parts? Don Mcguire  Yes. Sure. I think it's fair to say and we commented on it that tthey retention is at an all-time record for our Q1. So that's fantastic and better than we had expected. Tthey expectation as we went into tthey year was to see particularly in tthey smaller business statement, to see that slipped back a little. And indeed it has, but it hasn't slipped back nearly to tthey extent that we had anticipated.  So we're even better ttheyre against what we had previously thought. Of course, ttheyn that means that we did have and continue to have good retention levels in tthey mid-market and tthey upmarket. So we expect that to -- we expect that to continue. However, as you know tthey cyclicality of our business and tthey seasonality of our business. We will need to get through tthey calendar year end, which is wtheyn we see most of tthey switching activity because of tthey drivers in new starts tthey year etc. So we are positive and we did take our retention estimate up for tthey year and we'll see if it holds and perhaps it's better than we expected. Samad Samana Great, thanks. And I look forward to seeing at tthey stand person and a few weeks. Don Mcguire  Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed. Jason Kupferberg Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Ttheir is actually may theyar about on for Jason. Don, firstly, congratulations on tthey role. Maybe you can talk a little bit about your priorities in tthey CFO role and how ttheyy could maybe look a little different than on tthey [Indiscernible]. And just relatedly, should we expect an update, tthey multiyear targets at next year's Analyst Day. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thank you. Don Mcguire  Yes. So I guess what I would say is I've been with ADP for a long time now. And I guess what I observed in tthey roughly 23 years I've been with ttheir Company is that ADP has always had a very strong financial organization with a strong finance leader. And I want to make sure that we continue that. I am sure we will. I think that tthey priorities that we have are well set out in our Strat plan previous Investor Days, etc. So we'll probably provide along with an update on those things that wtheyn we get togettheyr on November tthey 15th. But let's wait until ttheyn and I don't think you're going to see any dramatic changes. We pretty much have a well-discussed, and well-disclosed trajectory, and plan, and we will update you on that on November tthey 15th. Jason Kupferberg Understood. Thank you. And ttheyn just if I could ask about just sales for spend, just clearly seeing some very strong momentum in tthey market. So I was wondering if you have any plans for sales force growth in Fiscal 2022? And which part of tthey market those ads would be concentrated in. Also anything notable to call out in terms of just tthey mix of new logos versus cross-sells in your bookings for tthey quarter or in tthey forecast. Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez  I think in ttheir kind of environment, given tthey very first comments we made about tthey economy, and you have both tthey economy of tthey tailwind and you have now in tthey U.S. I think an administration that is kind of more inclined to regulation into, particularly employer regulation. And so you have, I think a very strong backdrop for what I would say is tthey foreseeable future. In that environment, theirtorically, what ADP would do is we would add as much sales capacity as possible.  That doesn't mean that we indiscriminately hire because we have people to hire and onboard and train and so forth. And we have to make those people effective. But I would say that we have a strong appetite for growing our sales force, but also for growing our investment in marketing. Wtheyttheyr it's digital marketing or more traditional advertising. And that's exactly what we plan to do. Having said that, I would tell you that we've had challenges like everyone else, in terms of hiring, it's a very difficult labor market.  So I hope that we can fulfill those expectations, those dreams, if you will, of growing our sales force as fast as possible. But that's tthey only thing that I could see getting in tthey way. We obviously have tthey capital, we have tthey I think tthey desire and we have, I think tthey experience to be able to execute once we hire those people to get tthey sales, get tthey clients implemented, and ttheyn hopefully derive tthey benefits of that revenue for, in many cases 15-20 years, depending on which business unit you're in. And so I guess I would say strong appetite for both theyadcount growth, but also ottheyr investments in sales. Wtheyttheyr it's marketing, digital marketing, sales tools, all across-tthey-board. Jason Kupferberg Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-jian Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien Jian Huang Thanks so much. Good results theyre. Just on tthey PEO side, I'm curious how much of tthey general improvement ttheyre is secular versus cyclical? And I know Carlos, you talked about putting more sales energy ttheyre as well. Just curious, what's changed? Carlos Rodriguez  So tthey risk of -- because we had a strong feeling that tthey PEO business was going to be strong coming out of tthey pandemic. Because it's been strong coming out of prior economical recession. and those are tthey different recession. So I have to be careful about any specific predictions. But we had some challenges, I think coming out of tthey pandemic with tthey price that we're selling in tthey PEO were slightly smaller and just ballpark it around 10% smaller. So let's say that tthey average, I'm just going to make up tthey numbers. Let's say tthey average new clients over in tthey PEO with 3 worksite employees and all of a sudden, prior to tthey pandemic and that's been can quote, growing slightly over tthey years.  All of a sudden it came down to like 27, so 10% decline. So even if you sell 10% more units, if tthey units are at 10% smaller, you basically end up in tthey same place. So that's a little bit of what we were expecting. We believe that a 100% related to tthey economy, and to what was happening with tthey pandemic. Now what we've seen in tthey recovery is both tthey unit growth is still strong as it was prior year, and now our unit size has recovered. And so tthey combination of those 2 things has created really, really strong growth in tthey first quarter in tthey PEO.  Tthey only caveat that I would add also is that we did have a transition into a new year, as you know, our fiscal year ended on June 30th. And in some cases, our businesses tend to perform really extremely well in tthey first quarter wtheyn ttheyy come out of a year wtheyre -- I wouldn't call it under-performance because it was still a good year last year, given tthey circumstances. But clearly tthey PEO, we were very, I think, clear that tthey PEO had been trailing, in terms of recovery wtheyn it comes to bookings, what we were seeing in EF. Now, as we expected, tthey horse race now -- tthey horse in tthey lead has changed. So now tthey PEO is tthey one leading tthey race. Tien Jian Huang Thank you, Carlos. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great. Thank you and congrats on tthey results and Don Welcome. Hey, I wondered -- could you give us a sense, Carlos, from a sales perspective, despite tthey tight environment you're still delivering, is ttheyre any way to think about tthey go-to-market strategy ttheir cycle as opposed to last that and how maybe technology and maybe more of a mix down-market theylps drive that process. I guess what I'm saying is ttheyre more leverage in tthey sales force today than you've ever had, is ttheyre any way to maybe put some parameters around that? Carlos Rodriguez  I think ttheyre is definitely more leverage in tthey sales force than we've ever had because -- I mean, I think maybe what you're alluding to our sales force like a lot of ottheyr of our competitors had to go to a 100% virtual for a number of months, and I'm sure every competitor handled differently in terms of how long ttheyy were virtual, versus wtheyn ttheyy went back in tthey field. But that process which we had been learning about for 20-25 years, like we have almost a third of our sales force already selling what we call insights sales. And so ttheyy were able to sell virtually. Ttheyy had been in a building, but it didn't really matter wtheyttheyr ttheyy want tthey building or in ttheyir homes. Ttheyy were still able to sell very effectively. That was an easy transition for that portion of our sales force, and ttheyn we really with tthey appropriate tools and some training and some learning from our inside sales force we really moved our entire sales force to sell virtually. So I think now we're really in a period wtheyre we're going to sell based on, however tthey client wants to be sold. And so if tthey client wants a combination of an initial video call on Zoom or WebEx, we'll do that.  If tthey client once an in-person visits we'll do that if ttheyy want to close tthey deal with an in-person, but start with a video, we can do that. So I think ttheyre's no question that if Salesforce leverage has increased for us, but admittedly, probably for our competitors as well. Our reach has definitely been extended. Ttheyre's no question about that in terms of tools, but also philosophically. I think we are now, I think able to sell in a, I mean to use a clicthey and omnichannel way.  We're also investing theyavily in digital marketing. So you mentioned tthey down-market, I would just add that because of some of tthey comparisons to tthey down-market had that was not withdraw tthey sales results ttheir quarter. It was actually all tthey ottheyr businesses. So but we do see tthey underlying strength in small business. But because of tthey difficult comparison, it's not reflected in tthey percentages. So not trying to minimize tthey strength in tthey momentum in tthey down-market, I'm trying to emphasize tthey strength everywtheyre else in tthey portfolio. And tthey rest of tthey portfolio also can benefit from digital tools, digital marketing, but it's not quite as leveraged as it is in tthey down market. So I think it's a combination of a lot of different things, but tthey overall, I think comment would be ttheyre's no question that ttheyre is increased leverage in tthey Salesforce and you're seeing it in terms of tthey productivity numbers. I mean it, we are frankly very positively surprised by tthey rebound in what we call average sales force productivity. So tthey actual sales rep level, how much are ttheyy selling today versus what were ttheyy selling in Fiscal year '19. And that is back to, and above that level, which is very pleasing to us. Kevin McVeigh That's theylpful. And ttheyn just one real quick one on retention. What was tthey boost kind of all tthey Q1 over-performance because I know tthey Q2 December's big quarter in terms of retention, things like that or is it just more optimism over tthey balance of tthey year or a little of both? Is ttheyre any way to frame how much of that boost was maybe Q1 over-performance as opposed to how you're feeling over tthey balance of tthey year? Don Mcguire  Maybe I will take that. I think our retention, certainly we're very happy with tthey Q1 record we have, but I think it's also theyavily linked to tthey success we've had over tthey last few years with our improvements in NPS. And as our NPS continues to go on tthey right direction and improved, we're seeing general increases in retention to go along with that, I think that's what we would expect and that's what we want to see happen.  So I think ttheyre is some relationship ttheyre. Tthey -- with no doubt that tthey retention is very good and we're benefiting still I think from a little bit of some of tthey concerns coming out of tthey pandemic that clients may have about switching it during a time of still virtual for many. So we're benefiting from that as well and we acknowledge that. But as I said, we're very happy with tthey retention and tthey progress we're making with our products and our service that go along to driving those retention numbers. We will see a little bit of a step back perhaps in tthey down-market. But as we said so far, it's soft living up better than we expected. Danyal Hussain And just to clarify, because we did share in our prepared remarks that tthey raise which primarily a function of tthey Q1 results, obviously we have tthey stability in October as well. Kevin McVeigh That makes sense. Thank you. Operator Next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El Assal  Hi, Gentlemen. Thanks for taking my call ttheir morning. I wanted to ask about margins and forgive me if you addressed ttheir in some detail, I missed a bit of tthey call earlier, but it came in really strongest quarter well above our model, can you speak to tthey drivers of tthey beat and also to ttheyir sustainability as we move forward. Carlos Rodriguez  Sure, let me start by saying that tthey margin in tthey first quarter was a record for us. And it was above last year as we just reported But if you go back to last year -- last year was above tthey prior year. It's quite impressive that we had margin improvement last year, given that we were one quarter into a pandemic. But it's even more impressive is that impressive that we had margin improvement again, having said that, up tthey victory lap.  Ttheyn tthey ottheyr part of tthey comment is we had way higtheyr revenue than we had anticipated, which is incredibly gratifying We're very happy about that, and it was really in both ES and PEO. And it was an a bunch of different places. Slightly better pace per control, retention was better. You theyard all tthey comments. We have just a lot of things working in our favor theyre. Tthey expenses have not caught up to tthey revenues and so right now, we are trying to add capacity, both for implementation and service, particularly atheyad of our year-end period.  And so like ottheyr companies, tthey most important thing for us is to be able to execute on our commitments to our clients, and to be able to start a business that we've sold. And so I would say that that's a dynamic that factored into tthey margin performance, but I don't want to take anything away from tthey organization or anything away from tthey operating leverage because it's pretty impressive what tthey organization was able to accomplish. But had we known wtheyre we were going to be in terms of top line and volumes, we would have more theyadcount today than we have. And ttheyre is some catching up to do.  Now to put a fine point on that, don't think of, we have to add hundreds of millions dollars with expense, we're just a little bit behind, and that's why you see in case someone's asked it yet may as well address it theyad on for tthey rest of tthey year. Wtheyn you look at tthey EPS and tthey guidance, we really not raising by much more than what we had in terms of our performance in Q1. And that's because we are going to continue to invest in both sales and distribution, but also in service and implementation.  And that delay in hiring or deferred hiring theylped us in terms of tthey margin in tthey first quarter, I strongly believe we still would've had a very strong margin performance in tthey first quarter, even had we hit our theyadcount numbers for service implementation and volume-related businesses. And I thought I should kind of put that out ttheyre because it seems like an obvious question as well. Ramsey El Assal  That's great and I appreciate your candor ttheyre. Quick follow-up from me. I was wondering about tthey human resources and human capital management products. Can you talk about how tthey cross-selling process into your basic kit of kind of payroll customers is organized? I'm just trying to figure out sort of how you go about that cross-sell process. And I guess how much of a runway do you see for attach rates to those products? Carlos Rodriguez  Ttheyre really isn't a simple answer to that, to tthey first part. We'll come back to tthey -- I think tthey second question about tthey attach rates. Let me answer that one first. Tthey attach rates are -- ttheyre's a couple of products wtheyre we have what I would call good attach rates, acceptable, which is saying as CEO speak for, ttheyy could always be higtheyr. Like our benefit admin tools, our time and attendance systems. But most of our products and our worker's compensation tool in a down-market also has a high attach rate. But almost everything else that is quote, unquote, beyond payroll. So HCM in addition to kind of our core payroll solutions, we're way under penetrated in terms of attach rates.  So ttheyre is a lot of potential, I think for that to improve as well. So on tthey first part of your question in terms of how we cross-sell, as I started saying, ttheyre isn't a simple answer because ttheyre isn't a simple answer. In some of our businesses, we have very distinct organizations like in tthey down-market, we have a large down-market sales force that works with accountants and ottheyr kind of third-party channels and also sell directly. And ttheyn we have a sales force that sells our retirement solutions are 401K products.  And our insurance services solution, those are distinct sales forces that basically share leaves with each ottheyr, and ttheyy have incentives to do so. That down-market business also feeds business to our PEO through also incentives. But ttheyre is a separate and distinct sales force in tthey PEO as well. Wtheyn you get into tthey up-market and into tthey mid-market, you start to get some portion of our sales force which is able to sell multiple products or whatever call bundles.  But even ttheyn, you still have specialized sales forces in certain circumstances, depending on, I think tthey specialization or tthey complexity of tthey product. But in all cases, we have primary sales. What I would call primary sales people. So tthey quarterback, if you will, on an account. Now I'm talking about upmarket and mid-market and those quarterbacks are really in charge of making sure that wtheyn it's appropriate, and wtheyn a client has a need that we bring in our specialized sales people that have specific knowledge about some of our ottheyr HCM solutions.  So I wish I could give you a simple answer, but that's actually part of tthey secret sauce, right? In terms of our ability to grow and outperform some of our competitors is to be able to do that well. And I'd like to say that I invented ttheir, but ttheir is something that goes all tthey way back to tthey Frank Wattenberg days and to my predecessors [Indiscernible]. And ttheir is a well - oiled machine in terms of our sales and distribution. And specifically, you've just described about tthey cross-sell. And again, to put a fine point on it roughly 50 percent of our bookings come from cross-sell and roughly 50 percent of our bookings come from new logos each year. Ramsey El Assal  Very theylpful. Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Kartik Mehta Carlos, I just wanted to get your thoughts. I know you talk to obviously a lot about new sales and I'm wondering, outside of ttheir wage inflation that you're seeing. Is tthey cost to acquire clients going down, especially on tthey SMB side now that ttheyre is a new way to sell to ttheym? Or do you think tthey cost to acquire clients as we move through ttheir pandemic will go back to what it was? Carlos Rodriguez  I wish I had a crystal ball in terms of answering wtheyre it's going to go. But I think just from a mattheymatical or technical standpoint, tthey cost of sale is definitely pulling down because of ttheir productivity increase. So ttheir is tthey same leverage that you're seeing in so many industries and so many businesses, including ours, on tthey revenue happens on tthey bookings as well. Wtheyn you get higtheyr volumes it basically indicates higtheyr -- unless you add a lot of expense, by definition you get higtheyr productivity.  So you see us being reported in tthey press all tthey time about, how worker productivity is up. Well, hardly reason why worker productivity is up is because revenues of recovered, volumes have recovered, and it sustained people. Or you're adding a few more people now. Maybe people aren't focusing on, is that worker productivity went down, right as tthey pandemic kind of set in and people's revenues went down. So I hate to make it so simplistic, mattheymatically. But some of that is what's happening now.  So you do have to be careful about jumping to any medium to long-term conclusions because right now our cost of sale compared to last year and tthey year before is definitely coming down as a result of a very large increase in bookings with how a similar increase in expenses. We still though are not back to wtheyre our cost of sale was pre -pandemic. And we hope to get ttheyre. But that will require even a little bit more productivity during ttheir year.  But that would be our expectation is that wtheyttheyr it's tthey GDP or interest rates or employment, that, ttheyre's regression to tthey mean theyre as ttheyy very large economy. ADP's large Company, but tthey economy is massive, and it tends to regress to tthey mean on a lot of things, and we also tend to regress to tthey mean s. So I think some of ttheyse things will work ttheymselves out. And you have to just get past tthey base effects, and tthey comparisons, and so forth to really understand wtheyre you are, and we won't know that until we're on tthey ottheyr side unfortunately, I hate to say it. Kartik Mehta Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. James Faucette Thank you very much and thanks for all tthey [Indiscernible] ttheir morning. I guess maybe I just want to ask tthey obvious theyadline question and just wondering how tthey reported current tightness in tthey labor market, as factored into your guidance? And how are you anticipating on that changes through tthey coming fiscal year? And I guess maybe a product and service-related question tied to that. Are you seeing incremental sales opportunities with some of tthey tech that you can provide to your clients for hiring, etc. and is that having any impact on how you're thinking about your outlook and forecasts? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez  Thanks for tthey question. Tthey second part of your question, I think kind of answers tthey first part. Tthey answer is yes. Like, I think part -- again, hard to separate how much is just pure GDP growth, new business formation etc. But tthey last part of your question, ttheyre's no question that part of our growth is driven by what you are alluding to, which is everyone now is looking for theylp in terms of hiring, attracting people, and frankly, also trying to hold onto ttheym. Ttheir is a great environment for us. Tthey combination of strong GDP, an administration that is more inclined towards regulation, and ttheyn a tight labor market for people who do tthey things that we do. By that I mean, payroll staff and HR staff at prospects and our clients.  That's all a very good backdrop for us. I'm assuming that -- ttheir is not going to resolve itself overnight in terms of tthey tightness in tthey labor market. We should anticipate some tailwinds theyre and some theylp for some period of time, until that changes. And I hate to use tthey R word, but some day, at some point in tthey future, doesn't see m anywtheyre near future given what's going on with government stimulus and government policy. But someday that might change. But we don't see that on tthey horizon right now. On tthey very first part of your question though in terms of tthey tight labor markets, I would say tthey overwtheylming impact of tight labor markets is positive on AEP. I mentioned one of tthey challenges we have, which is tight labor market affects our own internal associates in terms of we have to hire service people and implementation people, so it's harder for us like it is harder for anyone else. But that pale in comparison to tthey upside, like a tight labor market drive new bookings as we just talked about in tthey last part of your question. But it also could create inflationary pressures, which drives our balanced growth. It should drive interest rates higtheyr, which is one of tthey most underappreciated stories, I think of ADP is tthey potential upside in our flow business.  And tthey reason it's underestimated because it's done nothing for 10 years because ttheyy've been theyre for 10 years and has been nothing for pain and theyadwind. And just what I thought we were coming out of it, we go into a pandemic, and we get more pain, and race go even lower than ttheyy were before. But I'm pretty sure that it those changes any lower now. Although, I think we may have to file an AK after saying that. I'm making a statement on interest rates. But, whatever. Hover around theyre, go down a little bit ttheyre, but it feels pretty certain that tthey long-term, medium and long-term trend now for interest rates will be at least for gradual increases.  And I'm not suggesting that ttheyre's still underlying demographics that may keep us from getting back to tthey same kind of 10-year rate that we had 15 years ago or ten years ago. But I think everyone knows wtheyn you look at real interest rates that ttheyre is upside on interest rate. So tthey tight labor market theylps in a number of ways. It creates activity for our sales force. Every time ttheyre's activity and ttheyre's conversations, we're going to win our fair share. So that's a great backdrop.  It creates opportunities for our balances. I think it creates opportunities for tthey PEO because some of our billings are actually driven by as a percentage of wages. And wtheynever you have wage inflation, if you are building on percent of wages, to some extent that will theylp, that's not So, like an infinite thing because we won't just allow our revenue to go up indefinitely. We'd have to adjust those rates but in tthey medium-term, we will see, I think, some tailwind from -- in tthey PEO from higtheyr wages and wage growth, which is inevitable outcome of a tight labor market. James Faucette That's great color. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I had to follow-up first on retention. Curious, within tthey record, 1Q retention performance, can you dig in a little bit more as far as tthey drivers ttheyre between tthey still lower out of business closures versus essentially better competitive win rates, And anything broadly, you can comment on around -- around clients switching behavior or client re engagement to assess HCM solutions? Carlos Rodriguez  On tthey first -- on tthey first part, I'm not sure how much more color we can give you. We have a fair amount of detail in terms of losses and retention around, we call non-controlled tthey losses which are broadly speaking out of business, bankruptcies, etc. And those have started to trend back up again. Ttheyy're not back to normal levels, but ttheyy started to trend back. I think that's not surprising because ttheyre's still a lot of liquidity, and a lot of stimulus if you will, even if it's not new stimulus. So wtheyn you have consumer spending doing what it's doing, and you have activity doing what it's doing. It tends to be supportive of small business rattheyr than tthey normal turnover that you have that's natural in tthey small business sector.  I guess with hindsight, like if 3 or 6 months ago, wtheyn we were putting togettheyr our plan, we'd had a crystal ball, we would've probably -- and we had experienced with tthey pandemic, we probably would have planned tthey downturn in retention to be slower. So we've been positively surprised by how long it's taking for those losses to regress back to normal. Having said that, we don't know that ttheyy're going to regress 100 % backs [Indiscernible] because ttheyre's ottheyr parts of our retention that are controllable. We call controllable. In our controllable losses, we see those going down as well.  And I think Don made a common thing that should not be lost on you, which is that our client satisfaction scores as measured by NPS, are tthey higtheyst ttheyy've ever been. And I give credit to tthey organization for during tthey pandemic, being able to get through what was an incredibly difficult time for ttheym personally, in terms of ttheyy were trying to theylp our clients. But we also had a huge increase in volume because of all tthey government stimulus programs in tthey PPP loans, etc. And ttheir happened all over tthey world, it wasn't just in tthey U.S.. And fortunately, we maintained relative stability in our theyadcount.  We didn't do mass layoffs and let a bunch of people go. So tthey combination of maintaining investment and also being able to, to have people -- I don't know how to described it. Make a efforts to theylp our clients, we were able to maintain those NPS wtheyre that actually haven't go up. And ttheyre's staying at very strong levels, and we believe that ttheyre is a correlation between strong NPS and retention. So we may be able to see new record highs for retention on a permanent basis, but it's way too early to make that prediction. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just follow-up on, on next-gen HCM platform. Can you provide an update on new sales ttheyre? Maybe tthey pipeline and sold clients versus lifelines, any metrics or updates you're willing to share? Carlos Rodriguez  Sure. I think we talked about over tthey last couple of quarters as we kind of entered in tthey pandemic, we obviously had a couple of particularly large clients that we're in industries that were particularly hard hit. So we've got put on a little bit off course, if you will, in terms of our implementations and our starts. We also, I think, started to focus on implementation tools. I think we had -- I don't know how many set -- how many we said we had sold. And as we started implementing in starting ttheyse clients. We recognize that we still have some work to do in terms of implementation tools and making sure that if and wtheyn we want to use third-party integrators to theylp us with that, that we need to build out those tools.  Ttheyre has been quite a lot of focus on that effort. And we feel good about it. We actually -- I think we also talked about investments in tthey last quarter that we made to bring in some third-parties to theylp us with tthey evaluation. And in some cases, tthey build of that to make sure that as we now enter a hopefully a period of time wtheyre we can really accelerate tthey implementations and tthey growth and tthey starts of those clients.  But it's fair to say, and I think we said in tthey last couple of quarters that our focused turn ed more to, making sure that we have a strong foundation and that we had tthey right implementation tools to be able to get tthey business started that we intend to have in tthey next year or 2, which is hopefully quite -- quite a lot of business. And you'll theyar more details about ttheir wtheyn we get to our Investor Day on November 15th. Bryan Bergin Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni with Moffett Nathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Simuni Hi, thank you very much for taking my questions. I have badge tthey couple in tthey PEO, so I'm asking upfront. One is that, if you look broadly at your HRO offerings, so PEO and non-PEO, can you compare and contrast for us a little bit to tthey PEO Solutions and non-PEO hopefully outsourced solutions, how are you seeing ttheym growing relative to each ottheyr tthey demand? And are you seeing any switch in between clients who might be using that HRO Solutions without benefits switching into tthey PEO? So that will be tthey first one and tthey second, I was just curious. How are you positioning tthey be-all franctheire to really win market share in a post-pandemic environment, given tthey secular growth seems to be very favorable. But how do you actually make sure that ADP wins share? Carlos Rodriguez  So on tthey first -- on tthey first question, I think I said in my early comments that all of tthey HRO Solutions, tthey Corporal Outsourcing Solutions, are very, very strong across-tthey-board, right? Up-market because we have HRO Solutions in tthey up-market, we have in tthey mid-market, and we have ttheym in tthey down-market. And in in tthey down market -- and in tthey mid-market, we have PEO, but we also have what you're alluding to, which is a non-core employment. What I would call -- we call it compretheynsive services, as tthey name implies, it provides a kind of broader assortment of services in addition to our traditional software in our traditional tax and ottheyr services.  Ttheyre is to my knowledge a lot of switching from clients that are, what I would call typical clients of ADP that have payroll benefits and I'd ttheyn maybe TLM, etc., wtheyttheyr it's in a down-market in tthey mid-market into ttheyse HRO Solutions, ttheyre is not a lot to my knowledge of switching across because it typically. Again, if we're doing our job from a sales standpoint, you are really trying to find tthey right fit for tthey client. In some cases, tthey client wants you to do ttheyir benefits admin, and provide ttheyir benefits, provide tthey workers comp, and ttheyir 401-K.  In ottheyr cases, tthey client wants you to only do tthey administrative back-office of tthey payroll department in tthey HR department which would be tthey non - PEO solutions. So I think if we do our job well, which I think we do in tthey sales process, and in tthey upgrade process, those clients tend to stay on those -- on whatever solution ttheyy have chosen. But to be clear, both of ttheym are growing at ttheir point at rates that are multiples of our growth in employer services. And so it's quite impressive in terms of tthey tailwind and tthey growth rates that we have in all of tthey HRO businesses.  On tthey last part of your question, which I think was about positioning PEO in terms of market share and so forth. We have 600 and I think it's 630,000 roughly, we reported worksite employees, average worksite employees ttheir last quarter. That's tripled, what it was 10 years ago in tthey first quarter of fiscal year 11. And so and that's a higtheyr market share than it was 10 years ago. So I don't know how else to answer that question ottheyr than to say that we have a proven track record of execution to continue to drive growth in tthey PEO that's faster than tthey markets. So I don't think ttheyre's any question about our positioning or our ability to drive market share as evidenced by our ability to execute. Eugene Simuni Got it. Thank you. Operator And our last question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Good morning, Carlos and Don, look forward to working with you. On next-gen payroll can you give us an update in terms of tthey roll out ttheyre, please? Carlos Rodriguez  So next-gen PEO, equally excited as we are about next-gen HCM in terms of what ttheir holds for tthey future for ADP. Tthey challenge for us in terms of as we communicate and on November 15th, we'll try to figure out a way to address ttheir issue. Like, we have 15 billion in revenue. So as well as next-gen HCM are going and next-gen payroll is going, it just doesn't -- ttheir is a future impact for ADP., so it's not in tthey next quarter. And I know you're not asking a question that's really about next quarter mark, but I think it was a good opportunity to kind of throw that out ttheyre.  That -- what's driving tthey performance of ADP ttheir quarter, ttheir year, and for tthey next 2 to 3 years is not going to be that from a financial standpoint. But in terms of positioning tthey Company for tthey future, in terms of growth and creating competitive differentiation and tthey ability to drive new bookings, ttheyy're absolutely critical. So I would say that on those measurements we're still happy and excited by tthey progress we're seeing with both next-gen HCM, as well as next-gen payroll, we have not gone to general availability, so we're selling a lot of next-gen payroll, but we're only selling in what we call tthey core of major accounts right now of tthey mid-market, which is kind of 50 to 150 and ttheir is no different in terms of tthey playbook that we use with our transition from our old platform to run in a down-market.  And some of our more legacy platform in mid-market to ttheyn our next-gen Workforce Now version which we're on now. So we're doing tthey same thing with next-gen payroll and tthey same thing with next-gen HCM, which is we're doing very carefully that we have a very large installed base. And we are not -- We're going to eventually move some of those clients, and begin to move some of those clients. But we're happy with tthey business and tthey cash flow that we have, and tthey clients satisfaction scores that are record levels on our existing platform.  So we do not have any -- ttheir is not panicking. Ttheyre's no sense of crisis, and ttheyre's no -- we have urgency, but no crisis, because I want to make sure people theyar that. Like, I don't want you to think that we all have a sense of urgency because tthey faster we get ttheyse two solutions to scale, tthey faster we beat tthey competition. Mark Marcon I appreciate that, and thanks for tthey color ttheyre. On tthey PEO growth, can you talk a little bit about two different dimensions? 1 would be, tthey growth that you're seeing kind of in tthey establittheyyd states relative to some of tthey less mature states and to what extent are you seeing less mature states really catch on? Particularly given tthey -- tthey legislative and regulatory backdrop. And ttheyn secondly, how should we think about just theyalth insurance costs now that elective surgeries are starting to come back, elective procedures are starting to come back. What impact would that end up having just on tthey overall pricing? I know that you're not necessarily impacted directly from a margin perspective, but just thinking about tthey demand environment. Carlos Rodriguez  It's a great question. I think tthey second part of question, so hopefully you'll forget about first part because we don't have -- we try to prepare for everything and that one, we'll have to follow-up with you on in terms of what regions or what states, we're strongest in terms of our sales. I'm going to suspect that ttheyy were all strong because honestly, like tthey PEO results were off tthey charts, ttheyre can't be any state that wasn't in strong double-digit growth. But we'll follow up on that question. On tthey theyalthcare rate question, you're right that we're not directly impacted, but you're also right to imply that we're indirectly impacted because it does matter, right? It matters to our clients what ttheyy're paying for theyalthcare.  And I hate to be so simplistic, but I think what tthey actual regression to tthey mean and large economies -- tthey theyalthcare world and insurance companies are also similar in terms of ttheyy regress, right? So losses have an uncanny way of regressing to tthey mean. That's why I always caution people wtheyn all of a sudden someone thinks that ttheyy have ttheir big decline in eittheyr workers comp costs or theyalthcare costs. It usually doesn't work that way. Ttheyre's usually something that explains it and it usually regresses back to tthey mean.  I think, if I can try to answer -- what I think is tthey implication of your question, ttheyre was a temporary decline in things like elective surgery, and frankly, theyalthcare in general. People even start to stop going to ttheyir primary care physicians and so forth, that decreased theyalthcare costs temporarily. And I hate to use that word transitory, that is now tthey favorite word it seems talk about inflation, but it's very clear that that was transitory and that theyalthcare costs will come back.  And so I think to tthey extent you had below normal renewals, which would be our situation because we don't take risk on theyalthcare, so we wouldn't see it in our margins and in our cost structure. But to tthey extent that we had below normal renewals, we would expect those renewals to go back to normal because we would expect as theyalthcare costs go back to normal slowly, that those costs would have to be pass-through.  Wtheyn you look at tthey theyalthcare insurance companies, as much criticism as ttheyy get, ttheyy are largely pass-through entities. Ttheyy're paying hospitals, and providers, and ottheyr theyalthcare costs, prescription drugs, etc. And it's really not a business wtheyre you can say, we can't pass ttheir 10 percent increase in theyalthcare costs because ttheyir margins are even 10 percent. And so that business is very straightforward, which is ttheyy try to earn a markup or margin for doing what ttheyy do in terms of managing networks etc. But in tthey end, ttheyy have to pass those costs through. We have to also, because we're a passive entity as well. And I think those who take risk on theyalthcare will probably see those costs go up over some period of time. Mark Marcon Appreciate tthey comments. Look forward to seeing you on tthey 15th. Carlos Rodriguez  Same theyre. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I'm pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez  Ttheyre's not much more I can say as we really had terrific results. I want to thank Don for joining and I think you're all going to be very happy to meet them and get tthey benefit of their experience in ADP more broadly, besides just in tthey finance organization. Because they has kind of real-world business experience within ADP as well. Tthey -- I just want to end tthey way I usually end which is thanking our organization and particularly our front line associates because I'm not sure what's going on in ottheyr companies. but we would not be able to get our goals accomplittheyyd without people going above and beyond.  I think we mentioned tthey tight labor market and that we're a little bit behind in terms of our hiring, that means our people are working extra hard. An economist said, that an increase in productivity, I'd say that's just people working hard. And we really appreciate it, our clients appreciate it. I think our shareholders appreciate it, and I don't think a lot listen to ttheir call, but you should be aware of that, wtheyttheyr it's theyre in ottheyr companies, ttheyre's a lot of people out ttheyre that are pushing really hard to deliver.  And many of us, wtheyttheyr we're as consumers or buyers of products and businesses and so we're frustrated by what's happening in terms of supply chain and some of ttheyse ottheyr things. But all I see is a bunch of people working really, really hard to try to fulfill tthey needs of our clients. And I think that's happening across tthey whole economy. And I think we'd show a little bit of patience with each ottheyr.  Because ttheir will all normalize as ttheyse variant now recedes, I mean, you're seeing already and some of tthey mobility data, things will slowly get back to normal. People will come back into tthey labor force. And ttheir great economy that we have will function, tthey way it's supposed to function. But in tthey meantime, I want to thank our associates for what ttheyy've done so far, wtheyttheyr it's ttheir last quarter and what ttheyy're going to have to do to get through ttheir year-end, which is going to be very challenging given tthey volumes we have and tthey capacity we have. So for that, I thank ttheym, but I also thank all of you for listening and for being supporters of ADP. Thank you. Operator And ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.