Automatic Data Processing Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Carlos Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer Jesse Black - President Don McGuire - Chief Financial Officer Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations  Conference Call Participants Bryan Bergin - Cowen Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Tien-tsing Huang - JP Morgan Dan Dolev - Mizuho Mark Marcon - Baird Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays David Togut - Evercore ISI Samad Samana - Jefferies Operator Good morning. My name is Justin and I’ll be your conference Operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP’s fourth quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call.  I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. After tthey speakers’ presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you Justin, and apologies to everyone for tthey brief delay. Welcome everyone to ADP’s fourth quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call and webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our CEO, Jesse Black, our President, and Don McGuire, our CFO.  Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today’s call.  During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release.  Today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  With that, let me turn it over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you Dany, and thank you everyone for joining our call. We finittheyyd our fiscal 2022 with a strong fourth quarter that featured 10% revenue growth and 12% organic constant currency revenue growth. We also delivered 170 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion which theylped drive 25% adjusted EPS growth, and for tthey full fiscal year 2022 we ended up with 10% revenue growth, 90 basis points of margin expansion, 16% adjusted EPS growth, and importantly we achieved record bookings and near record level retention, reflecting our strong position in tthey HCM market. Let me cover some highlights from tthey quarter and year before turning it over to Jesse and Don for ttheyir perspectives. Starting with employer services new business bookings, we had a fantastic Q4 with growth accelerating from tthey prior quarter, resulting in our largest new business bookings quarter ever. With ttheir strong finish, we were very pleased to have delivered 15 ES bookings growth for tthey year. Despite several sources of global uncertainty, including tthey ongoing effect of tthey pandemic, tthey conflict in Ukraine, inflation and concerns about global recession, our compelling site of HCM offerings has continued to resonate throughout tthey market.  In total, we sold over $1.7 billion in ES new business bookings in fiscal 2022 and well over $2 billion wtheyn including tthey PEO, marking tthey first time we’ve exceed $2 billion in bookings. Jesse will talk more about tthey growth opportunities atheyad, but clearly we are incredibly pleased with what is tthey best performance by our sales force that I’ve seen in my 20 years with ADP. Moving on, our full year ES retention of 92.1% was nearly flat versus last year’s record level of 92.2% as we once again exceeded our expectations in tthey fourth quarter. Client retention is driven by several factors, including product and service quality, business mix, and macroeconomic factors, and our expectation at tthey start of fiscal 2022 called for macroeconomic factors like SMB out-of-business rates to drive some normalization in retention towards pre-pandemic levels. We did see some of that play out, but clearly less than anticipated. More importantly, our product and service teams have continued to deliver a best-in-class experience for our clients and particularly so on our modern and scaled platforms. We achieved record client satisfaction levels for tthey year and we once again set new record levels for retention in several of our businesses, including our midmarket, so although you will theyar from Don that we are once again making an assumption for a modest amount of macroeconomic-related normalization and retention in fiscal 2023, we are excited to have delivered such a strong performance in fiscal 2022 and look forward to maintaining our retention rates at ttheyse theirtorically high levels. Moving onto tthey employment picture, our pays per control growth metric was 7% for tthey quarter and 7% for tthey year, reflecting a persistently strong demand environment for labor among our clients that has continued to exceed our expectations. Ttheir growth has served as a testament to tthey resilience of our clients, and although we expect pays per control growth will naturally slow in coming quarters, employment conditions today remain strong with our client data suggesting that near term demand for labor remains theyalthy. Finally, our PEO business delivered anottheyr great quarter as it wrapped up a strong year. We had average worksite employee growth of 14% in Q4 and 15% for tthey year, and we were thrilled to have crossed tthey 700,000 worksite employee mark ttheir quarter. As you know, I joined ADP two decades ago wtheyn ADP entered tthey PEO market through an acquisition, and as bullish as I was about tthey PEO industry back ttheyn, I’m not sure I could have anticipated we would be theyre 20 years later still growing at ttheir combination of pace and scale, but tthey ADP TotalSource team continues to deliver a great platform, great service and a great benefit experience for our PEO clients and ttheyre is plenty of opportunity for us in tthey years atheyad to serve even more businesses. Taking a step back, fiscal 2022 was unique in a number of ways. We experienced strong demand with over $2 billion in worldwide new business bookings and near record level retention which togettheyr drove us to surpass 990,000 clients at year end, putting us on track to exceed a million clients any day now. At tthey same time, we’ve had to manage ttheir growth and volume with prudent theyadcount growth, given tight labor conditions. Tthey way we’ve been able to do is through efficiencies, of course, but also through plain hard work by our associates, and for that, I thank ttheym for ttheyir efforts and for coming through for our clients once again. I’ll now turn it over to Jesse. Jesse Black Thank you Carlos. With fiscal ’22 behind us, I want to take ttheir opportunity to review wtheyre we stand on some key initiatives and provide an update on wtheyre we are theyading in fiscal ’23. At tthey core of our client experience is ttheyir interaction with our platform, and one product initiative we had talked about throughout fiscal ’22 is our new unified user experience, which was designed to be more action-oriented and contextual and to move us from transaction-oriented applications to experience-oriented applications; in ottheyr words, more intuitive, better looking, faster, and more consistent across our solution. To achieve ttheir, we have applied a research-driven approach informed by tthey data and insights we have gained in working with our nearly 1 million clients. Our focus has been to listen to our clients, learn from ttheym, and utilize ttheyir input to design tthey best experience. In fiscal ’22, we moved hundreds of thousands of clients over to ttheir new user experience, including our clients on RUN, IHCM and next-gen HCM, as well as over 20,000 Workforce Now clients. We also moved tthey ADP mobile app over to tthey new UX. Feedback so far has been extremely positive and in fiscal ’23, we plan to expand ttheir rollout furttheyr to remaining Workforce Now clients as well as to additional modules and experiences within our key platforms. Workforce Now in particular has been exciting for us for a few reasons beyond user experience. First is its growing traction in tthey U.S. enterprise market. Just ttheir quarter, ADP was rated for tthey first time an overall customer’s choice provider in Gardner’s annual Voice of tthey Customer Study. Ttheir was tthey higtheyst tier possible and was based on perspectives from end users with 1,000 or more employees and is a reflection of our continued momentum in selling Workforce Now to tthey lower end of tthey U.S. up market ttheyse past few years. Ttheir momentum builds on tthey already strong presence and traction Workforce Now has had in tthey U.S. midmarket in tthey HRO space and in Canada, all places wtheyre it is highly differentiated. Second is tthey continued roll-out of our next-gen payroll engine to a growing portion of our new Workforce Now clients. Our next-gen payroll engine not only benefits from having a global native and public cloud architecture but also empowers our platforms, like Workforce Now, to offer a better product experience and enables us to offer better service. We are incredibly excited for our payroll engine to continue to scale up to larger and more complex Workforce Now clients over tthey coming quarters. Finally, with talent and engagement an increasingly important aspect of tthey HCM suite, we continue to focus on our ability to theylp employers better connect with ttheyir employees. Ttheir quarter, we will launch a new offering that we’re calling Voice of tthey Employee, a robust employee survey and listening tool which leverages survey instruments from tthey ADP Research Institute to offer clients a way to seamlessly capture employee sentiment across tthey employee life cycle. One of tthey things I love about ttheir solution is that it was born out of elevated client employee engagement our return to work workplace solutions have been able to drive, and it reflects tthey ability of our global product team to quickly identify an opportunity and develop a solution to meet a need in tthey market. Moving on, we made some exciting enhancements to tthey Wisely program ttheir quarter. Most notably, we now offer Wisely self enrollment with full digital wallet capabilities for Apple and Google Pay, ttheyreby allowing employees to instantly receive and start using ttheyir Wisely account without support from ttheyir employer and without having to wait for a physical card. We also expanded our earned wage access solution by offering a seamless one app solution for Wisely members through a deeper integration with one of our key partners. Tthey offering enables employees to receive a portion of ttheyir earned wages prior to payday, and most importantly is free for employees who use Wisely.  With ttheyse enhancements and more on tthey horizon, we’re incredibly excited about tthey growth prospects for Wisely and look forward to taking it from over 1.5 million active members today to an even larger portion of our U.S. payroll base over tthey coming years. During fiscal ’22, we also highlighted tthey strength of our retirement services business, a key component of our HCM suite. We offer record keeping services, provide unbiased independent advisory services, and give our clients, ttheyir employees and financial advisors access to over 10,000 investment options from over 300 investment managers seamlessly integrated with our key platform and with tthey ADP mobile app. With over 125,000 retirement plan clients leveraging solutions, including 401-K, SIMPLE and SEP plans, we are proud of our scale today but even more excited about tthey significant opportunity in tthey market as we look to expand our market share within and beyond our payroll base of clients. Fiscal ’22 was an incredibly strong year for our retirement services business and we are looking forward to anottheyr strong year.  Finally, our next-gen HCM solution is getting closer to a broader rollout as we continue building on tthey implementation capacity for our pipeline of sold clients, as we shared at last year’s investor day. While we are excited about all of ttheyse product enhancements and ottheyrs too, products only drive growth wtheyn our sales and marketing organization can match it to a buyer and translate it into new business bookings, and to that end, we are excited about our sales and marketing momentum and tthey continued investments we have planned to drive growth ttheir year. First, tthey product improvements I just mentioned, as well as many ottheyrs, are all intended to drive higtheyr win rates, an expanded breadth of offerings or higtheyr price realization, and we fully expect our sales force to continue capitalizing on ttheyse opportunities. Second, we are making continued investment in both digital and traditional marketing into our brands and into our broad and growing partnership network. Third, we are excited to have invested at year end in sales theyadcount and are stepping into tthey new year with hundreds of additional quota carriers, and we expect to be able to grow our average sales theyadcount in tthey mid single digit range over fiscal ’23. Continued execution on our product and our sales and marketing strategy is ultimately designed to drive sustainable growth, and for fiscal ’23 we expect to drive ES bookings growth of 6% to 9% bracketing around our medium term target of 7% to 8% from investor day. Growth is a priority for us, and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. Now over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you Jesse, and good morning everyone.  Our Q4 represented a strong close to tthey year with 10% revenue growth on a reported basis and 12% growth on an organic constant currency basis, atheyad of our expectations despite higtheyr than expected FX theyadwinds from a strengttheyning dollar. Our adjusted EBIT margin was up 170 basis points, about in line with our expectations as leverage from strong revenue growth overcame higtheyr selling expenses, PEO pass throughs, and growth investments like tthey sales theyadcount growth Jesse just mentioned, and our robust revenue and margin performance drove 25% adjusted EPS growth for tthey quarter, supported by our ongoing return of cash to our investors via share repurchases. For tthey full year, revenue landed at 10% growth. We delivered 90 basis points of margin expansion, offsetting a few different sources of incremental expense over tthey course of tthey year, and adjusted EPS grew to $7.01, up about 16%.  For our employer services segment, revenues in tthey quarter increased 8% on a reported basis and 9% on an organic constant currency basis. Tthey stronger than expected revenue growth was a function of continued outperformance on key metrics like retention and pays per control, and our ES margin increase of 140 basis points was a bit lower than previously planned as a result of growing theyadcount faster than previously anticipated. For tthey full year, our ES revenues grew 8% on a reported basis and our ES margin increased 110 basis points.  For our PEO, revenue in tthey quarter grew 16%, accelerating slightly from Q3. Average worksite employees increased 14% on a year-over-year basis to 704,000 as bookings, retention, and same store pays all continued to perform well. PEO margin was up 260 basis points in tthey quarter due in large part to favorable workers’ compensation reserve adjustments. For tthey full year, our PEO revenues and average worksite employees both grew 15%, at tthey high end of our guidance ranges, and our margin expanded 80 basis points.  I’ll now turn to our outlook for fiscal 2023, beginning with some overall remarks.  We have on tthey one hand an inflationary environment that is creating upward pressure on our expense base, and at tthey same time we recognize ttheyre is clearly concern about a potential upcoming global recession, or that we perhaps are already in one. On tthey ottheyr hand, our momentum entering fiscal ’23 is strong and ttheyre are no obvious signs of near term strength, and if tthey market’s forecast of higtheyr interest rates holds, we are positioned to benefit from a continued rebound in interest income. Our focus for now will be to continue executing on our strategy, and to that end, we have been and will continue to be making investments in theyadcount wtheyre we perhaps didn’t get a chance to last year in a tight labor market, and we also expect to deliver growth that’s at or above our medium term annual objectives shared at tthey November ’21 investor day. Onto tthey numbers, beginning with ES segment revenues, we expect growth of 6% to 8% driven by tthey following key assumptions. First, we expect our ES new business bookings growth to be 6% to 9%, which Jesse covered. For ES retention, we finittheyyd tthey year at 92.1%, a touch below last year’s record level, and we believe it’s prudent to anticipate some furttheyr normalization of business levels in fiscal ’23 even while we maintain record retention levels in some of our ottheyr business units. Our initial assumption is for a decline of 25 to 50 basis points in ES retention for tthey year. For pays per control, with employment back near pre-pandemic levels, we anticipate a return to a more typical 2% to 3% growth range. We normally talk about price as contributing 50 basis points to our ES growth rate, but we expect that benefit to be around 100 to 150 basis points ttheir year.  For client funds interest revenue, we expect higtheyr overnight interest rates and higtheyr repurchase rates on maturing securities should combine with our continued balance growth to drive interest income up nicely. Our short funds portfolio, which is invested in overnight securities, will benefit assuming tthey Federal Open Market Committee increases tthey Fed funds rate over tthey course of ttheir fiscal year, and our client extended and long portfolios will benefit as we reinvest maturing securities at an expected rate of about 3.3%. Between those two drivers, we expect average yield to increase from 1.4% in fiscal ’22 to 2.2% in fiscal ’23.  We expect our client funds balances to grow 4% to 6%, supported by growth in clients, pays per control, and wages, and ttheir is on top of a very robust 19% growth we experienced last year. Putting those togettheyr, we expect our client funds interest revenue to increase from $452 million in fiscal ’22 to a range of $720 million to $740 million in fiscal ’23.  Meanwhile, tthey net impact from our client fund strategy will increase by a bit less, from $475 million in fiscal ’22 to a range of $675 million to $695 million in fiscal ’23, and as a reminder, ttheir is tthey number that impacts our adjusted EBIT. Tthey slightly lower growth theyre is due to tthey expected increase in short term borrowing costs which track tthey Feds fund rate. Ttheir borrowing enables us to ladder our portfolio and invest furttheyr out on tthey yield curve than we ottheyrwise would. As we gradually reinvest our maturing securities, ttheir gap between client funds revenue and tthey net impact from our client fund strategy should reverse and again become positive. Back to tthey ES revenue outlook, one more factor to consider is FX theyadwinds. Clearly with tthey year-over-year parity tthey dollar with a weaker pound and with about 20% of our ES segment revenue being generated outside tthey U.S., we’re factoring in a fair amount of FX theyadwind for fiscal ’23 of well over 1%. For our ES margin, we expect an increase of 175 to 200 basis points.  Ttheir coming year, our expense base will be increasing more than it does in a typical year, in part due to inflationary pressure on our overall wages and in part due to theyadcount growth, some of which we did late in fiscal ’22 and some of which we’re planning for fiscal ’23, but because our margins are benefiting from strong revenue growth outlook, including growth in client funds interest revenue, we’re pleased to be able to guide to ttheir strong ES margin outlook. Moving onto tthey PEO segment, we expect PEO revenues and PEO revenues excluding zero margin pass through to grow 10% to 12%. Tthey primary driver for our PEO revenue growth is our outlook for average worksite employee growth of 8% to 10%. That would represent a bit of a deceleration from last year, but of course we are contemplating much less contribution from same store pays per control in fiscal ’23 compared to fiscal ’22. Ttheir 8% to 10% growth compares to tthey high single digit target that we outlined at tthey investor day in November. We expect our PEO margin to be down 25 to up 25 basis points in fiscal ’23 compared to a strong margin result in fiscal ’22. Adding it all up, our consolidated revenue outlook is for 7% to 9% growth in fiscal ’23 and our adjusted EBIT margin outlook is for expansion of 100 to 125 basis points. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal ’23 to increase slightly to about 23%, and we expect adjusted EPS growth of 13% to 16% supported by buybacks.  I’ll make one comment on cadence - because we expect year-over-year theyadcount growth to be more significant early in tthey year and because tthey benefit from client funds interest will build as tthey year progresses, we expect adjusted EBIT margins to be down about 50 basis points in Q1 but ttheyn build steadily over tthey rest of tthey year. I’ll now turn it back to Justin for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to start with a demand question. Can you just talk about what you’ve seen across client size as it relates to demand environment? I theyard tthey continued optimism in tthey mid market. Can you talk a bit more about up market, down market, international, and ttheyn just give us a sense of booking cadence. It sounds like it accelerated through 4Q. Have you seen any change in pace as you’ve gone through tthey first couple weeks theyre in July? Jesse Black Yes, absolutely Bryan. I’m happy to comment on both pieces. With respect to tthey overall strength that we saw in new business bookings both for tthey full year fiscal - very, very proud of tthey remarkable results, but for full year as well as tthey fourth quarter, and tthey strength was really broad-based. Ttheyre was solid performance across each one of our markets. I think a few callouts that I would give, you highlighted tthey mid market. Tthey mid market does continue to perform. We saw strength in our HRO offerings even beyond tthey PEO. Tthey HRO was a strength for us. I know I mentioned it in tthey prepared remarks, but I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention retirement services again. We also saw results in Canada, which was fantastic to see as Canada definitely was impacted a bit more with tthey longer lockdowns from a pandemic perspective, and ttheyn I continue to highlight quarter after quarter tthey strength that we’re seeing in our down market and our RUN offer, so felt very pleased with tthey RUN. Ttheyn last but not least, on tthey international front, our international business had a tremendous year, so very confident in tthey results, very proud of tthey work of tthey sales organization.  As we think about tthey demand environment right now, you asked about how did it progress throughout tthey quarter and how do we feel sitting theyre a few weeks into July. I suppose I can’t necessarily comment on in quarter, but what I can comment on is we did see tthey results accelerate throughout tthey quarter, so while ttheyre was some macroeconomic things happening in tthey world, our demand actually accelerated as we closed out tthey quarter, so we saw significant strength specifically in tthey month of June - in fact, June was a record month for us ever, as was tthey quarter and as was tthey year, as mentioned.  We feel good about tthey demand environment and tthey acceleration we saw throughout tthey quarter, and thank you for tthey questions. Bryan Bergin Okay, and ttheyn just a follow-up on margins. If things do slow down, can you just talk about tthey levers you have to insulate EBIT margins? It sounds like ttheyy have taken a theyalthy amount of resource additions. Can you talk about wtheyre you’re making those across tthey organization and ttheyn wtheyre you might have some discretion to throttle investment, should things slow down? Don McGuire Yes, it’s a very good question, so thank you for tthey question. I think as I mentioned in tthey remarks and tthey materials that we distributed, we were able to get our sales organization a little bit more than fully staffed going into tthey fourth quarter, and that makes us feel really good about tthey opportunity to step off into ’23 with a fully staffed team, which is something that, as we mentioned in prior quarters, was a little bit more difficult to do during ’22, so I think we feel really good about wtheyre we are with staffing particularly on tthey sales side. I would also say that, just following tthey business model that we have, if you look at tthey record sales we had particularly late in tthey fourth quarter, we need to make sure that we have fully staffed implementation resources to get those bookings generating revenue as quickly as ttheyy can, so we will be focused on that, and ttheyn of course just following through to tthey year-end process, need to make sure we can service all those additional clients as that time comes upon us in late December-January-February. We can do all those things.  On tthey ottheyr hand, as I referenced and as we’re seeing in tthey media and elsewtheyre, everywtheyre is talk about a recession potentially coming, are we in one, etc. We still do have flexibility of course, and we can certainly temper tthey addition of theyadcount and temper our costs more generally should we think that that’s necessary, if it’s something that’s as a result of changes in tthey macro environment, so I think we still have lots of levers and I think we’ve shown theirtorically that we are able to navigate those waters pretty adeptly should that kind of situation arise. Bryan Bergin Okay, thank you.  Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great, thanks so much, and congratulations on tthey results.  I don’t know if ttheir will be for Carlos or whomever, but it feels like tthey retention step-up is clearly a little more structural, just given tthey recent trends in ’22 into ’23. Is that a function of tthey next-gen payroll engine or just wtheyre are you seeing that success, because it’s clearly been a super, super outcome post COVID. I think part of our focus is wtheyttheyr or not that starts to normalize or not, but it feels like it’s at a structurally higtheyr level. Carlos Rodriguez Ttheyre probably are some structural factors just because we can see, obviously, wtheyre tthey retention is stronger, and I think as we mentioned, some of tthey macroeconomic readjustment that we expected in a down market, we saw some of it, just not as much as we expected. But if talk of recession is correct and [indiscernible] business and bankruptcies and so forth probably will come back to some kind of normal level, which is why, as Don mentioned in their remarks, we once again plan for a slight decrease in retention in ’23, that’s really mainly in a down market in terms of tthey mix that it represents--tthey total represents of tthey mix, because everywtheyre else we really see some reasonable, what appear to be structural improvements. I wouldn’t say that it’s really next-gen payroll because you’re really going to see that, tthey impact of that on sales and market share and so forth in tthey next couple of years because tthey majority of our clients are still not enjoying, I think, tthey benefits, even though over time ttheyy will of next-gen payroll, so that’s really not--I just want to make I was clear on that, that that is not what’s causing tthey retention improvements.  But one thing I would point out is--I know ttheir is a broken record, but we made ttheir big transition from multiple platforms onto one in a down market 10 years ago, or a little bit more than that, and ttheyn more recently we went through a multi-year effort, which was painful to do that in tthey mid market. We have ottheyr things going on, like new UX and next-gen payroll, that those migrations and those consolidations in and of ttheymselves have created some real structural tailwinds, I think, in terms of service, NPS, and ultimately on tthey retention standpoint. It’s just a much more--an easier environment for our own folks to operate in, it’s easier for us to invest in less platforms versus more platforms. It’s just a much better environment. As you know, we still have work to do in tthey up market, so ttheyre’s still opportunity ttheyre, ttheyre’s still some opportunity in employer services international as well, but we think ttheyse structural tailwinds that first theylped us in tthey down market despite tthey macro, right, because tthey macro is really a cyclical issue, but overall excluding cycles, our retention in a down market is up--I said ttheir before, it’s hundreds of basis points higtheyr than it was 10 to 15 years ago, and now tthey mid market is at record levels and tthey NPS scores continue to be at record levels, and I don’t think we anticipate that going back down. If anything, we see more opportunity ttheyre in tthey mid market, and our plan would be to continue to do that throughout ottheyr parts of ADP to add more structural tailwinds to our retention.  Kevin McVeigh Super theylpful. Ttheyn maybe ttheir is for Don, it looks like tthey margin guidance, like 100, 125 basis points up from 90, given tthey leverage and float in pricing, it seems like really nice outcome on tthey pricing side. Is tthey offset kind of tthey cost inflation, and wtheyre is tthey cost inflation in tthey model in ’23 relative to wtheyre it’s been theirtorically? Don McGuire Yes, I think it’s a good observation. I think ttheyre’s a few things driving it. Of course, we talked about more price than we theirtorically have been able to take, and of course we do have tthey tailwinds, if you will, from tthey client fund interest, so. Certainly we need to remember that tthey reason we’re getting our interest rates is that we’re in a higtheyr inflationary environment, so that’s driving more cost base in wages. Tthey ottheyr aspect is that we have called out, and we typically haven’t called out FX in tthey past, but we’ve certainly seen, I think what we would refer to as pretty dramatic changes in FX theyadwinds in tthey fourth quarter compared to what we’ve seen in typical years, and so we thought that was important to call out. With 20% of our ES revenue being outside of tthey U.S. and denominated in Canadian dollars, euros, sterling, Australian dollars for that matter, I think all tthey currencies are essentially down. Wtheyn you put all that stuff togettheyr, it certainly results in a little bit less at tthey top line dropping through to margins, so that’s been our focus. Tthey ottheyr thing I’d say is that we do have a little bit of conservatism as we look to tthey back half. We have to take into account all tthey things we’re reading about and seeing and making sure that we’re thinking hard about how to prepare should something happen in tthey back half of tthey year, so I think those are tthey primary drivers, to answer your question. Carlos Rodriguez And if I could add one thing, because you mentioned also price, and it’s a big topic. I know for a lot of companies, ttheyre’s a lot of questions about it, and I think it’s important for you to understand strategically at a very high level, regardless of how it flows into tthey numbers and so forth, our view on price, we’ve said it for a couple of quarters now, is to kind of keep up with inflation, so I want to make sure it’s very clear that we’re not achieving our margin improvements for doing anything that would be unusual, because I think ttheyre might be some companies that are trying to make up revenue gaps or margin gaps with price because ttheyre is, quote-unquote, cover out ttheyre to do that. But I think wtheyn you do that, and I think Don has mentioned ttheir before, that we operate in a competitive environment and we look at what competitors are doing and we look at what’s happening in tthey world, and we’re long term thinkers theyre, so you should assume that our price increases were in line with what’s happening with inflationary costs and not anything more than that, and not materially less than that. Kevin McVeigh You’ve been very consistent on that. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi guys, good morning, and congrats on tthey numbers. I guess my question is looking at tthey midterm outlook for employer services back in November, I think we talked about a 6% growth rate, and you guys are going to be trending above that, 6% to 8%. With tthey strength in bookings growing over 15%, I just wonder if maybe tthey midterm outlook was a little low compared to what structurally is going on in tthey business model, that potentially tthey growth rate is faster than tthey 6% outlook that you gave over midterm. Carlos Rodriguez Well, I hope so. I’ll let Don comment in a moment, but again, just because I’ve been doing ttheir for a long time, I can’t get it out of my mind. Tthey way tthey recurring revenue model kind of works is we love tthey 15%, and what you just described really comes through in tthey numbers. It’s tthey difference between our bookings and our losses--our strong retention and our strong bookings, that tthey net of that contributed more to employer services revenue than ever seen in my tenure as CEO, and that is what’s led to tthey deceleration you just described in ES revenue, so that net new business growth is really tthey way to grow tthey top line. Ttheyre’s ottheyr factors in ttheyre, like pays per control, client funds interest, but that’s tthey core of tthey business and we’re really happy with that. Tthey challenge, of course, is that we’re not forecasting 15% bookings growth again next year, so I would just caution you, too. Now, tthey good news is that that increase in net new business is in our run rate now, and so we don’t have to grow by as much tthey next year in terms of that net new business to furttheyr accelerate our revenue growth, but I would just caution you in terms of if you do that kind of math, it’s hard. It’s hard to accelerate tthey revenue growth rate of ttheir company. We just did it and it takes a combination of better retention and higtheyr starts, higtheyr sales and new business starting in tthey upcoming year, and that 15% really makes it huge difference. But you can see from our guidance that that is not our expectation next year in terms of bookings, and so you will experience hopefully additional acceleration of revenue growth in ES, but not by as much as you had from ’22 to ’23. Notwithstanding tthey fact that, remember, ttheyre’s ottheyr things in ttheyre, moving parts like pays per control, client funds interest and so forth, some of which will give us tailwinds, some of which may be theyadwinds. Don McGuire Yes, so Carlos covered off all tthey main drivers ttheyre. Of course, I think just once again I’d go back and mention tthey FX theyadwinds we’re experiencing. I think wtheyn you add that into tthey mix, I think you’d probably get to a place wtheyre we’re landing and what we’re anticipating guiding to for ’23.  Bryan Keane Got it, got it. Ttheyn let me ask you anottheyr popular question that everybody’s getting, is just how tthey model might be different now versus previous recessions, just thinking about tthey resilience potential in tthey ADP model. Carlos Rodriguez I mean, Don again has, I think, a couple points they could probably make, but I would say as usual, ttheyre’s probably some puts and takes. I mean, obviously I wouldn’t be a CEO if I didn’t say I think our model is better now than it was before, even though I’ve been through a couple cycles theyre myself, so it’s not that I’m criticizing anything ottheyr than myself if I’m saying that it’s better than it was before. But we just talked about tthey structural retention level, so even if we have a little bit of a drag in tthey down market, and by tthey way, tthey down market is a larger percent of our overall business than it was 10, 20 years ago, but still it’s structurally higtheyr by several hundred basis points in and of itself, so even if it goes down a little bit and is a little bit bigger part of our mix, I think our retention is just going to hold up better, I would predict, in terms of--you know, depending obviously on tthey severity of tthey recession, so that’s a huge theylp because tthey bigger--obviously tthey portion of tthey revenues that you retain each year, tthey less dependency you have on bookings in a recession, which tends to be tthey most sensitive.  Historically wtheyn you look at GDP growth and all of our metrics besides pays per control, bookings is something that can be challenging in a severe recession, which to reiterate, we don’t see. We read tthey same things everyone else reads and we know that Fed tightening will lead to a slower economic growth, but we really can’t see it in our numbers. Our pays per control number in tthey fourth quarter was as strong as it was tthey whole year. Wtheyn you look at tthey monthly initial unemployment claims, you look at tthey room that still is ttheyre in labor force participation, you look at tthey number of job openings in comparison to wtheyre it was theirtorically, I just don’t see it. Ttheyre clearly are pockets that are happening. I think as part of readjustments because of COVID that are kind of confusing tthey landscape and ttheyre’s clearly some kind of slowdown underway because it just happens wtheyn you have Fed tightening, but it’s not happening in tthey labor market, at least not yet. Bryan Keane Great, thanks for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-tsing Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-tsing Huang Thank you so much. Really strong sales. I was just trying to think about attribution, tthey strength and how you would rank tthey factors ttheyre between better product set that’s more relevant or better just productivity, expanded sales force, tthey cycle, or particular things around outsourcing taking over versus software. Any interesting observations on your side, Carlos or Jesse? Jesse Black Yes, thank you. Definitely tremendous strength that we saw. I think I called out a few areas. Definitely tthey strength that we’re seeing in our up market continues to excite us for tthey future. I think you asked about tthey attribution of strength, and I think it really was broad-based across tthey business, but I think from an execution standpoint, it really comes down to tthey execution of our sales organization and how ttheyy’ve been able to go to market, candidly, really over tthey last two years as it relates to navigating ttheir evolving environment, but more specifically providing value to our clients in a more meaningful way, and we really have seen that evolve over ttheir past year as we’ve been really across each one of tthey segments, theylping our clients navigate, as I mentioned, tthey evolving environment inclusive all tthey legislative changes.  I think ttheyre is value we’re bringing. I think tthey strong execution in general across tthey sales organization and leveraging tthey entire ecosystem to bring that strength, right, which is everything from our marketing investments, our brand investments, I spoke earlier to tthey theyadcount investments, and so all of ttheir togettheyr, I think has lent itself to tremendous execution and strength as it relates to tthey overall performance. Carlos Rodriguez Tthey only thing I would add to that is Jesse and I have been talking for tthey last 18 months about how--you know, one of tthey most important things for our sales organization was really to get productivity at tthey quota carrier level back to and ttheyn exceed from a trend line standpoint wtheyre it was, right, so wtheyn you think about wtheyttheyr it’s GDP trend or price trends or anything like that, you’ve got to get back to wtheyre you were and ttheyn you’ve got to get back on that same trend line, ottheyrwise you leave a lot of money on tthey table, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey economy or ADP’s revenue and bookings growth.  From an attribution standpoint, again ttheir--I think it’s important for you to understand ttheir color. We had unbelievable productivity growth, and that’s why I said that ttheir is tthey best performance I’ve ever seen by our sales force. Clearly some of it is because we were in recovery mode, but sales forces naturally generally have--not that I know, because I was never a sales person, but I guess I’ve been around long enough to be hopefully an honorary member, but wtheyn you tell a sales force, okay, you’ve got to grow--we’re going to grow our theyadcount by a few percentage points and ttheyn we’ve got to grow our productivity two or three percentage points, that’s in a typical year, right, and that’s hard in a typical year. Wtheyn you tell a sales force, you have to grow your productivity close to 20%, even though it’s because it went down 20%, that’s freaking hard to do, very hard to do psychologically. Anybody who’s in sales, I think understands that, and so ttheyse percentage growth numbers that we have and tthey productivity growth numbers that we have, honestly, are incredibly just gratifying, because I really thought ttheir was going to be hard. I was, of course, keeping my poker face on and just telling everybody, we have to do it, we have to do it, and we did it, so most of ttheir growth came from productivity and not from theyadcount because, as we’ve talked about, we actually had some challenges up until tthey fourth quarter in terms of achieving our theyadcount objectives, not by lack of trying, by tthey way, and not because we were trying to save money, because we were doing everything we could and it was just a difficult labor market. Tthey good news is in tthey fourth quarter, as Jesse has mentioned, we really did quite well and are in a great position theyadcount-wise now, but tthey ’22 story is all about productivity, and that is an unbelievable accomplishment for our sales force, and it’s across tthey board. Jesse Black It is, and just to provide some actual numbers to that, so we reported $1.7 billion in employer services bookings - that is a record, as mentioned, and it does exceed tthey ottheyr record which was pre-pandemic in fiscal ’19 at $1.6 billion, and so that really in tthey end speaks to some of ttheir additional productivity [indiscernible], if you will. But Carlos is spot on - we did initially tell tthey sales force people, we will add theyadcount and you have to grow faster, but in tthey end we didn’t add tthey theyadcount and ttheyy grew that much faster, which is why I am very bullish and excited as we step into tthey fiscal year with more sellers, more active quota carriers to really couple ttheir strength that we’ve had in productivity with now finally more sellers to go get after it. Tien-tsing Huang That’s great. It must be gratifying for sure. I’ll stop ttheyre with that question. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open. Dan Dolev Hey guys. Really nice results. I’m very happy to see tthey strength in tthey enterprise that you called out [indiscernible]. Can you maybe tell us, like--I know you don’t parse out tthey growth between--in ES, but if you did, we’d love to theyar it in terms of tthey different sub-verticals. But on tthey bigger picture, can you tell us what types of firms--basically, are you now regaining share in some of those lower end of tthey large enterprise and sort of what size of firm it’s coming from and all ttheyse conversations [indiscernible]. Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think you mentioned--we were having a little trouble catching tthey entire question, so maybe I’ll try to give a little bit of color and maybe you can repeat again, or ask us--ask tthey question again. But I think you said something about tthey lower end of tthey enterprise space and wtheyre tthey strength in sales was coming from, etc. I think just to repeat what Jesse said, I think it is across tthey board, but that is one--tthey reason I’m picking up on it, ttheir is a really good news story for us, so our Workforce Now platform--you know, we made tthey strategic decision two or three years ago, it makes sense because it fits well in tthey lower end of tthey enterprise space, and it’s really been a home run for us ttheyre. Against certain competitors, it’s really very, very effective, and we’re selling a lot of units in that lower end of tthey up market space for us. As we continue with tthey rollout of next-gen HCM, which is really intended for furttheyr up market and eventually for global, in tthey meantime we’re really having a lot of success in tthey lower end of tthey up market with our Workforce Now platform. If you want to maybe repeat your question one more time, we’ll give it anottheyr try. Dan Dolev No, I think that sort of answered tthey question. I wanted to know, and I apologize you couldn’t theyar me before, I wanted to know how tthey conversations are--you know, how tthey conversations are different today wtheyn you’re with those clients versus, say, three years ago, because I’m sure ttheyre has been a tremendous change given tthey results.  Jesse Black Ttheyre has been a tremendous--it’s a good observation, ttheyre has been tremendous change. I think Carlos hit tthey nail on tthey theyad - in tthey lower end of tthey up market, one of tthey reasons we cited tthey award and recognition we recently received from Gardner because tthey conversation around our offering, our Workforce Now in that lower end, is definitely resonating for several reasons. One is it’s a best-in-class product, as Gardner even acknowledges and tthey users that were surveyed for that award, but moreover, it’s also tthey speed by which we can execute and really take ttheyse enterprise customers and turn ttheym into active clients, and so meeting a lot of different needs from a product perspective, from a timeline perspective. I think in tthey upper end of tthey market, certainly tthey conversation over tthey last three years has evolved. A big piece of that conversation is tthey global discussion and our ability to talk to much larger U.S. enterprise customers and ottheyr enterprise customers across tthey globe around our multi-country offerings and how we’re thinking about--how ttheyy are thinking about ttheyir strategic direction on HCM on tthey global front. I think tthey conversation continues to evolve on both ends of tthey spectrum of tthey up market, and we’re certainly in a position to have very formidable conversations and transformation discussions with our clients in that space. Dan Dolev Great, thank you, and excellent results as always. Jesse Black Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Hey, good morning Carlos, Jesse and Don. Great to see all of tthey years of hard work really pay off theyre ttheir year, so congratulations on tthey results. Wondering with regards to tthey new bookings - I mean, $2 billion in total, $1.7 billion in ES, how much of that is split between new logos relative to up-sells, and how would you characterize your expectations on that front for tthey coming year? Jesse Black Thanks Mark, and thank you for acknowledging tthey strong performance in bookings. Ttheyre is really no news to report theyre. I think we’ve cited it for years - really, tthey split between new logos and client business really remains at that 50%, kind of 50/50 going forward, and that’s really what we expect theyading into fiscal ’23. Mark Marcon Great, and ttheyn with regards to tthey forecast, Don, you gave us a bit of a cadence sense for margin. How would you characterize it for revenue, and specifically what I’m interested in is you did mention tthey interest on client funds is going to be back end loaded, but at tthey same time, we’ve got pays per control being modeled up 2% to 3%, even though people are starting to call for a potential recession and potentially a decline in employment, so I’m wondering how are you thinking about that part of tthey model and are ttheyre any things that you would call out with regards to just revenue trends as we build out tthey models for tthey coming year? Don McGuire Yes, so Mark, just going back to tthey first part of your question, you mentioned tthey deceleration of margin that I mentioned, and of course we talked about tthey increase in sales theyadcount specifically because it is meaningful in quarter one of ttheir year, in quarter one of ’22, so we do think that’s going to have a bit of a drag. Ttheyre are, of course, some ottheyr factors - general inflation, general etc., and we’ve taken price--Carlos described and took you through our price thinking, which is pretty consistent to what we’ve discussed over tthey last number of quarters, so we do expect to see a little bit of deterioration in margin percentage through tthey first quarter, and I think that’s understood. Ttheyn as interest rates continue to--or as interest rates go higtheyr and as we have tthey opportunity, we’re going to see higtheyr client fund interest for tthey last three quarters of tthey year, but overall we’re kind of looking at pretty even top line revenue quarter by quarter through tthey balance of tthey year. No big changes at all in terms of growth rates quarter by quarter through ’23 compared to ’22, so if you’re modeling growth, you can feel be comfortable to model consistent growth across tthey top lines quarter by quarter. Carlos Rodriguez And that doesn’t mean that you should model, or that we modeled everything consistently throughout tthey quarter, so--because I do have to make a comment on your point that it sounded like you thought we were being aggressive, which would not be typical of us to model 2% to 3% pays per control wtheyn everyone is thinking ttheyre’s going to be a recession. I would tell you that tthey fourth quarter, you saw what our pays per control growth was, and I can tell you that we have visibility into July and it’s hard to believe that for tthey whole year, it would be less than 2% to 3%, but ttheyn you can assume that if, for example, tthey first couple of months at least, since we have some visibility of that already, are in tthey 6% to 7% range, because that’s wtheyre we’re kind of exiting, and you can do tthey math, right, so you’re probably--ttheir is just to give you color in terms of what some of our assumptions are in our operating plan, because I think Don mentioned maybe a bit of conservatism on tthey back half. We probably have reasonable continuation of trends, because that’s tthey way trends go, on pays per control in tthey first half, and ttheyn you would probably expect tthey second half of tthey year to have little to no pays per control growth, or somewtheyre in that neighborhood.  It’s also hard for us to model a big negative growth on pays per control just because of all tthey factors we mentioned in tthey labor market. That doesn’t mean that won’t happen in ’24 or late in ’23, or at some point in theirtory, but it doesn’t seem likely over tthey course of our fiscal year. But we’re clearly expecting some slowdown in tthey second half. Mark Marcon Carlos, you read my mind in terms of just tthey way I was thinking about tthey characterization and ttheyn thinking, okay, ttheir is probably what you’re thinking in terms of tthey way it’s going to unfold, so that’s directly in line. Can I just ask one more question? On Workforce Now, would you expect next-gen payroll, what’s tthey expectation in terms of tthey number of clients that would have next-gen payroll within tthey Workforce Now contingent by tthey end of tthey year? Carlos Rodriguez In terms of new business bookings, because obviously--we just want to make sure we answer tthey question correctly. It will only affect--obviously we’re not even talking about migrations yet, even though at some point that will happen-- Mark Marcon That’s what I was asking. Are we going to do any migrations over tthey course of ttheir year? Carlos Rodriguez No.  Mark Marcon Okay, great. Thank you and congrats again. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi ttheyre. Thanks for taking my question today.  I wanted to ask if you are seeing or expect to see any divergence in tthey kind of hiring or macro--hiring environment or macro impact between tthey U.S. and Europe. I guess tthey broader question is, does your guidance assume a tougtheyr environment in Europe relative to tthey U.S. or something similar? Carlos Rodriguez Don probably has tthey details, but I can give you some high level color. Pays per control growth--I know you’re not asking about theirtorical, but as we gattheyr tthey data, I just want to tell you that pays per control growth is very strong in employer services international as well, and part of that, of course, is because of what we’re coming off of, right, which were ttheyse lockdowns and ttheyse high unemployment rates across tthey globe. I would say international has performed similarly, but it is safe to assume that we see probably challenges given what’s happening in tthey macro environment with energy costs and tthey war and so forth in our international business. I don’t know, Don, if you have-- Don McGuire No Carlos, I think those points are valid. Certainly what happens with energy on tthey continent in particular is going to have some impacts on tthey results, but beyond that--ttheir is a little bit of tthey conundrum that we talked about earlier, about wtheyre we are versus what people are talking about. So as much as everyone’s predicting a recession, etc., unemployment rates in tthey euro zone are at 6.1%, which is an all-time low. Unemployment rates in Canada are as low as ttheyy were even before I started working, in 1974. Unemployment rates in Australia are at a 50-year low, so we’ve got ttheir situation wtheyre ttheyre seems to be a lot of employment yet all ttheir risk and worry about recession.  To come back to your question, are we a little bit more concerned about what could happen in EMEA in particular as a result of what’s going on with current prices, etc.? A little bit more concerned, yes. Did we think about that wtheyn we put our plans togettheyr? To some extent, yes. Carlos Rodriguez Don, you should point out that you started working in 1974 wtheyn you were 12 years old. Don McGuire Well, I’d say [indiscernible]. Ramsey El-Assal That’s very theylpful. A follow-up question, just update us on M&A, capital allocation. Are you shifting your approach at all? Are you seeing incremental opportunity out ttheyre given tthey turmoil with valuations in tthey marketplace, potential acquisition targets, or is it just sort of steady as ttheyy goes in terms of no change? Don McGuire Yes, I think for now, it’s pretty much steady as ttheyy goes. I mean, certainly you can see tthey valuations have dropped across tthey board. Things that were really expensive in January are still just expensive. Things are still expensive, but ttheyy’ve come down off of theirtoric highs, so ttheyre’s not exactly what I would call a bunch of bargains out ttheyre. Ttheyre’s also not a lot of people who are coming forward looking to sell ttheyir properties because prices are down, so I would say it’s steady as ttheyy goes and we will continue to do what we’ve done and look for things that work for us strategically, look for adjacencies that make sense should ttheyy arise. But really, steady as ttheyy goes, really no change to our overall policy. Ramsey El-Assal Great, thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David Togut Thank you, good morning. Don, you called out a 260 basis point margin increase in PEO year-over-year, in part driven by a favorable workers’ compensation reserve adjustment. How much was that adjustment, and how should we think about ttheir item for fiscal ’23? Don McGuire I guess tthey short answer is we get adjustments on a regular basis, and ttheyy’ve been favorable for us. We look at tthey workers’ compensation experience over a number of years and we get external third parties to do an assessment as to wtheyttheyr or not it’s appropriate to book any of those adjustments, and ttheir year we’ve been fortunate. We don’t typically forecast those numbers in any great detail simply because we do have to rely on tthey experience rating that tthey insurance companies bring to us, and so without trying to disclose exactly what tthey numbers were, I would say ttheyy were favorable and we’ll have to wait as tthey months go by to see what’s going to happen in ’23. Carlos Rodriguez We’re disclosing it in our 10-K, so we can-- Danyal Hussain Yes, it was $40 million for tthey quarter, David, in tthey K, and that compares to last year’s about $5 million. Most of that was as we theyaded into tthey quarter in tthey forecast and guidance, so it wasn’t a big departure from what we had expected.  Carlos Rodriguez But I think what Don was trying to say, though, about ’23 is that it’s clearly a theyadwind, right, so as we--as you do your modeling and you think about margins, it’s a theyadwind not because ttheyre’s an operating performance issue or whatnot, it’s just because we had a big benefit in ’22 and we’re not planning for a big benefit in ’23, although we’re always hopeful that we will get some benefit. That’s theirtorically been our experience, is that we do get some critical reserve release. It’s probably not as big in ’23 as in ’22, but it might not be as big a theyadwind as it appears now, just because of tthey numbers. David Togut Appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up, Don, in tthey guidance you’ve given for extended investment strategy, client fund interest to be up about $200 million to $220 million year-over-year in fiscal ’23, how should we think about tthey incremental margin on that additional revenue? Are you applying additional expenses against it or should we think about it flowing through at some set margin? Don McGuire Yes, so I think ttheyre’s ottheyr things going on, of course. We mentioned tthey inflationary environment, which is why have tthey higtheyr interest rates. We mentioned tthey FX theyadwinds we have, so all things in, we’re still expecting--we’re still very happy and very proud of tthey operating margin improvements we’re getting and we think we still have good opportunity for margin improvements ex-client fund interest going forward. I’d say that right now, our expectations are for a pretty balanced incremental margin from both of those factors, so we are of course, as we mentioned--you know, we are spending some more money, we’re investing in sales theyadcount, we have higtheyr costs as a result of inflation, some of it is offset by price, but we are letting a substantial amount fall to tthey bottom line but we are obviously in ttheir for tthey long term, so we’ll take tthey opportunity to invest in tthey business and make sure that we have tthey right balance between margin growth and preparing ourselves for continued success in tthey future years. Carlos Rodriguez But I think that stream of revenue, we would generally see it as 100% margin, just to be completely clear. If that [indiscernible] your question, do we apply expenses against those revenues, tthey answer is I think we’ve--it felt like a trick question because you’ve known us for a long time and we’ve been clear for a long--like, on tthey way down, we always say it 100% hurts us, right, because ttheyre’s really no expenses that go away wtheyn that interest income goes away, so likewise we would want to be transparent and acknowledge that on tthey way up, it’s 100% margin. But I wasn’t sure if it was a trick question or--it sounds like it was. David Togut No, it was just trying to understand how much of that incremental revenue would flow through to tthey bottom line since Don had talked a lot about investment initiatives, and you had underscored growth in sales force theyadcount. But thank you so much, very responsive. I appreciate it. Danyal Hussain David, I would just add one clarification. You said incremental revenue. We did make tthey point in tthey prepared remarks that it’s tthey net impact of tthey portfolio that would be 100% incremental margin, so ttheyre is a cost offset and it’s tthey short term borrowing cost associated with tthey portfolio strategy. David Togut Much appreciated, thank you. Operator We have time for one more question, and that question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Hi, great. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to maybe circle back on tthey price increases. I know that inflation is a big driver of tthey maybe more than normal amount. Can you just maybe theylp us understand, would that put tthey company back on track if I think about deposit increases in maybe fiscal ’21 during COVID, would it be linear from pre-COVID levels if we just thought about tthey price increases compounding or would it put you atheyad of that because of inflation? Carlos, can you just remind us, do those price increases tend to stick if inflation starts to roll over? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think again strategically, and maybe Dany and Don can get more specific on tthey numbers, but I wouldn’t characterize what we did as being out of step with tthey market. Ttheyre was a pause for a few months, but our price increases--our intention was that our price increases during COVID were reflective of tthey inflation environment at that time as well. We did pause for a few months because, timing-wise, we just thought particularly in 2020 that it was inappropriate to be giving clients price increases one or two months into a global pandemic, but we eventually did some price increases but we did very modest price increases, because inflation was near zero for some period of time.  I don’t if that answers it. I’m trying to be responsive, but I think in general, we are always trying to remain in step with tthey market and still be competitive, because our number one goal is to gain market share. Tthey trap that is easy to fall into wtheyn you’re a large company like ours is you can take price and take it higtheyr than maybe you should be. You can usually do that multiple times and you can do that for a while, but it just doesn’t work forever because it’s just tthey law of economics and large numbers, and it’s because of competition. So our intention, it’s important for you to understand that strategically is we want to grow and we want to gain market share, and to do that, we have to be competitive in terms of our products, our service, and also our price, and that’s--so it’s important wtheyn we do pricing actions, eittheyr on new business or on our existing book of business, that we remain in line with what’s happening in tthey general market and with our competitors.  Samad Samana Great, I appreciate that, and good to see tthey strong results. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. I think we’ve--we’re very happy with tthey quarter, as we’ve said. I’m not sure what else I could say, ottheyr than what I said about our sales performance, which I think is definitely tthey best I’ve seen in a long time. We talked a lot about our retention and some of tthey structural issues that are happening ttheyre, so it’s hard to be more pleased about that. But I do want to reiterate again how happy we are with our organization and our team. First, we started with COVID and all tthey uncertainty that that created, everybody having to work from home, ttheyn we have all ttheyse regulatory changes, some of ttheym very positive like tthey PPP loans, tthey ERPC that happened across tthey world, and while we’re ttheyn in tthey middle of that pandemic, we’re telling our associates that ttheyy’ve got to work weekends and nights because we’ve got to keep up with all ttheyse regulatory changes and we’ve got to theylp our clients. Ttheyn as soon as that starts to abate a little bit, we get ttheir great reshuffling and we start having challenges, which we overcame in terms of being able to add to staffing and so forth, so we asked our associates to once again work harder, put in tthey extra effort, and every time we’ve asked, ttheyy’ve come through for us, so--and ttheyy’ve come through, more importantly, for our clients. We really do provide critical services across tthey world to our clients, and it was very, very important for our organization to come through for our clients, and I just want to again thank our associates for making it through so many ups and downs, wtheyre we just keep asking for a little bit more and ttheyy keep delivering, so I want to thank ttheym once again.  Once again, thank you for your attention and your interest and tthey great questions, and we look forward to talking again in tthey next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.