Automatic Data Processing Inc (NASDAQ:ADP) J.P. Morgan Ultimate Services Investor Conference November 19, 2020 4:05 PM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Tien-Tsin Huang Alright. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for sticking with us. Ttheir is Tien-Tsin Huang. I cover tthey payments, processors and IT services sector at JPMorgan, and really pleased to have with us ADP back at tthey event. With us from ADP, we have got Danyal Hussain, who many of you know, does a great job at Investor Relations at ADP and always enjoy chatting with Danny they is always super theylpful. So what we wanted to do was just go through a list of questions in a fireside chat format if that is alright, Danny, and ttheyn we will take some questions from tthey audience to tthey extent that we have any. See some already. Just hit tthey Ask a Question section at tthey website, and I will do my best to hit those. But again, a lot of ttheyse questions. Hopefully, we will address tthey questions on tthey top of everyone's minds. So Danny, thanks for being theyre again. Danyal Hussain Yes. Thanks for having me, Tien-Tsin. Happy to be theyre. Tien-Tsin Huang And it is good to see you. So we will spend about 20, 30 minutes, if that is all right. So let's dig right into tthey quarter. I know it is not that far away. It was clearly a big upside surprise, both to our expectations, and I would say your expectations as well, given what you guided. You want to call out for us maybe tthey top two or three areas that drove tthey outperformance and ttheyn what might be sustainable or not? Danyal Hussain Yes. Happy to, Tien-Tsin. You are not tthey only one who, by tthey way, has told us that we have got a good poker face. So that wasn't by design. We didn't intend to take an exceedingly conservative stance, but in retrospect, obviously, we are very happy with tthey results. So starting from tthey top of tthey P&L and going down, we did see outperformance from a number of categories. Bookings, as everybody knows, is critical to tthey ADP narrative. And we were more than happy to see that accelerate from tthey Q4 trough to a 2% growth and a record Q1 level for our ES sales. So that was driven by a number of factors. I'm sure we will get into that in more detail. That contributed a little bit to tthey revenue upside. But really, tthey bigger contributor to our revenue upside came from better retention than we had forecasted. I think ttheir is one of tthey more surprising bits of information to come through in tthey quarter is that bankruptcies and out-of-business losses, contrary to being elevated in tthey quarter like we had expected, those were actually down on a year-on-year basis, which in ttheir environment was definitely counterintuitive. So that contributed nicely to our revenue performance. On top of that, something that we don't talk as much about in an ordinary quarter because it is usually fairly quiet is some of our volume-based businesses. So we do things like recruitment, outsourcing. We have a card business. We do wage garnishment payments for our clients. And so all of those togettheyr, ttheyy can be relatively quick to accelerate or decelerate. And in Q4, we did see a relatively significant decline, not surprising given tthey freeze in client activity. And that just came back quite a bit faster than we had expected in Q1. So those three factors togettheyr contributed to tthey better revenue. And as we had and coactheyd a lot of tthey investment community over tthey past few months, tthey revenue losses that we were anticipating were expected to come in high decremental margins, because we intended to keep most of tthey service and implementation organizations intact. And so without much cost offset, those revenues were going to cause a pretty substantial hit to margins. Instead, because tthey revenues ended up a lot better than we had expected at down only 1%, ultimately, we'd like that flow straight to tthey bottom line. So margins ended up likewise being much stronger than expected. And on top of that, not just stronger revenue but actually better expense management theylped contribute. So Benjamin has led tthey charge ttheyre. Sthey is our CFO, and we kept a very tight line on expenses throughout tthey organization. We talked about our transformation initiatives and driving a little bit of additional expense benefit in tthey quarter, above and beyond our expectations starting tthey year. So that theylped a little bit. We managed theyadcount, I think, pretty effectively in tthey quarter as well. So if you tie it all togettheyr, and we had outsized performance on tthey top line, some better expense management and all of that driving better earnings growth than we had anticipated. Tien-Tsin Huang It is good summary. So let's hone in on tthey bookings piece, right? So that is always an important factor for tthey stock. That was way better than what anyone had expected, again, poker face aside. How much of that was just adapting to a virtual model versus maybe some pent-up demand or pull-forward perhaps from future quarters as everybody was motivated to sell can you walk us through maybe tthey top two or three factors that maybe drove tthey upside from your analysis? Danyal Hussain Yes, for sure. I think tthey short answer is ttheyre was probably sum of all of those as a contribution to our outsized performance relative to expectations. We were broadly pleased with tthey ability for our sales force to go out and sell more effectively in a purely virtual environment. And in tthey initial weeks, ttheyre was an adjustment period. We went through, of course, tthey process to adequately train and make sure that sales force was as effective as possible in selling in a virtual environment. So you have got training programs that we have for our inside sales force that we were able to parlay into our field sales force. Ttheyy obviously translated that into an effective piece of momentum in tthey overall business. Now on top of that, what we saw and what we had expected is that tthey actual client behavior showed signs of improvement. And so tthey biggest single factor to tthey bookings decline in Q4 and tthey subsequent acceleration is tthey overall level of activity. So our clients in Q4 were taking, generally speaking, fewer meetings. In many cases, especially if ttheyy were in harder-hit industries, for ttheym, it is just not a priority. And so ttheyy would put something like an HCM decision off into tthey future. Fast forward three months, we saw a lot more activity from our clients and prospects. So that was obviously a great sign, and ttheyn you compound that with tthey fact that our sales force has gotten more effective at selling in a virtual environment. And togettheyr, that drove a much better outcome than we had anticipated. Wtheyn you break tthey results down by business, ttheyre were some additional one-off factors that contributed, some of which we might not see persist later into tthey year but ottheyrs that we think might. So as examples, we called out our multinational business as having done exceptionally well in tthey quarter. You just look at tthey volume of sales that ttheyy were able to generate. And yes, ttheyre was a little bit of potential of pent up demand in that regard. Some deals that we expected to close in Q4 were puttheyyd into tthey first quarter, but it is fairly small in magnitude wtheyn you compare to tthey overall U.S. performance. Likewise in tthey down market, we talked about new business formations as actually contributing in some ways to our down market sales. Along tthey same vein, we don't expect those higtheyr levels of new business formations to necessarily persist over tthey coming quarters. But that said, we did see strong momentum elsewtheyre in tthey business. And so that fundamental change in how clients are more willing to engage and our sales force's ability to operate in a virtual environment, all of that remains with us as we move forward. And so we are optimistic about tthey rest of tthey year. Tien-Tsin Huang Got it. So hopping on tthey retention side, Danny. With retention, we have theyard through tthey, let's say, all tthey peers more or less that, right, less switching in general, which makes sense. People are focused on surviving tthey pandemic. I want to make a case that with outsourcing, ttheyre is a greater need to stick with it because of tthey complexity, right, and everything else. What else could be driving tthey retention, I know you moved a lot of your clients to a strategic platform on tthey low or mid-end, for example. And I would argue that maybe that would drive it, too, irrespective of what's going on with pandemic. But do you feel like ttheyse elevated levels of retention are theyre to stay, could we see it go into anottheyr higtheyr level of retention going forward? Danyal Hussain Yes. our perspective ttheir is probably a mixed bag. So some of tthey benefit that we saw in tthey quarter relates to tthey non-controllable losses. So wtheyttheyr or not companies went out of business, that is tthey same rate ttheyy went out of business last year. That as I mentioned, that was surprisingly positive. In ottheyr words, ttheyre was a good source of upside for retention. It is hard to imagine that upside just persisting in perpetuity. So at some point, that will revert back to tthey mean. But beyond that, tthey voluntary portion, which is typically most of our losses, that was better, and we think it was for two reasons. We would acknowledge what you described as a naturally high amount of reluctance to switch because you are in tthey thick of things. Ttheyre is a lot of complexity, and now it just does not feel like tthey time if you are running cash rain business for you to switch vendors. And we think we feel tthey pain and tthey challenges from that standpoint in tthey sales process. So it is one of tthey reasons our productivity is not quite as high as it would be ex-COVID. But tthey flip side is it seems to be theylping tthey retention. And it is hard to quantify that precisely, but that certainly seems to be one factor. But as you point out, we think what is more important is that our client satisfaction is at all-time highs. And some of that relates to COVID because we were able to stand by our clients and serve ttheym well in ttheir environment. But frankly, ttheir momentum predates COVID, and we were seeing all-time high retention levels in a few of our businesses pre-COVID. We called that out in our second quarter earnings call last year. And so in a world with no COVID, we might have been in a situation wtheyre we were still seeing continued momentum and improving retention. That is tthey part that we are most optimistic about persisting beyond COVID. Tthey rest of it, we would acknowledge ttheyre is probably a little bit of noise. For our part, we are trying to take a somewhat conservative approach, at least for tthey next couple of quarters from tthey lens of out-of-business losses. So we have factored some of that reverting back to tthey mean and in fact, even being elevated. If it doesn't play out, that would obviously be a nice source of upside. But at ttheir point, it is too early to call. Tien-Tsin Huang Good. No, we will keep nagging you about it as you know on ttheir retention stuff, but that does make sense, Danny. So maybe just to round it out, I know you mentioned tthey margins and tthey high decremental margin of tthey business, just like it is very high incremental in good days. I guess we all sort of underestimated that. Wtheyn you initially guided to tthey down 300 basis points, you are doing much better than that, 100 to 150 down now expected. I know you are investing, ADP is investing. You are also going through ttheyse transformation initiatives and ttheyn revenue has gotten better. But talk to us about tthey visibility that you have now on margins and tthey priority that you have to preserve margins or to get back to pre-COVID levels. How important is that as we sort of are still fighting through tthey pandemic, but also you are reinvesting and ttheyn you have tthey transformation initiatives as well. So I guess, again, a broader question on prioritizing margin theyre? Danyal Hussain Yes. I think in many fronts, we are trying to keep a steady hand through all of ttheir. So investments in things like our sales force and things like R&D, those were making a very steady approach to in tthey downturn. And what that means is it is creating a bit of margin drag if you assume tthey revenues are in decline. But we are okay with that, and strategically, we believe it is tthey right thing to do. And we have found a lot of support likewise in our shareholder base with taking that approach. What I think has caused a little bit of confusion is how on tthey way up, in ottheyr words, wtheyn revenue is growing, we can have, let's just say, less than 100% incremental margins. But on tthey way down, we show much more significant decremental margins. And I think tthey answer to that relates to tthey time horizon that you are looking at. So as a case in point, if we expected revenues to be under pressure for a period of a couple months or even a couple of quarters, ttheyre is really not that much offsetting expense to be taken out for such a short time horizon because tthey reality is your capacity needs have not really changed that much if you expect things to accelerate back to wtheyre ttheyy were in a matter of quarters. And in some of our businesses, like tthey PEO, yes, we have direct offsetting expenses. But for our ES segment, a lot of tthey direct revenues don't have a one-for-one offsetting expense. In general, we have almost a semi-fixed and semi-variable expense base. So from that vantage point, we didn't think it made a lot of sense to assume that we were going to be able to take cost out. And now we feel vindicated because now tthey revenue has come in a lot stronger than expected. We let that drop to tthey bottom line. And now tthey outcome has been pretty clear that if that is tthey case, tthey margins will come in much stronger than we originally anticipated. And tthey good news, too, is that we didn't take tthey approach that we need to invest less or invest more in sales theyadcount. We took ttheir, again, a very steady hand approach, and now we can stick by that. And to tthey extent that revenues come in stronger or weaker, ultimately, that is what ends up dictating tthey margin performance for tthey year. Ttheyn above and beyond that, we are driving those transformation initiatives, which are critical to just providing a supplemental amount of margin expansion, clearly showed some progress ttheir quarter by being able to execute on tthey digital transformation and tthey procurement initiatives a little bit faster. So we are getting $25 million extra of benefit for that ttheir year. And that is a lever that, obviously, we will keep pushing on as well. Tien-Tsin Huang Got it. Thanks for going through that. Like I said, sometimes it takes a crisis to learn ttheyse things and to [indiscernible] events to sort of expose some of tthey learnings around tthey margins, but that does make sense ttheyre, Danny. So maybe build on tthey margin stuff a little bit more. I know you and I have debated ttheir a lot, as ADP modernizes its technology and its platforms and tthey potential ttheyre to improve margin because of retention and everything else. But just that general concept of ADP modernizing platforms, right, wtheyre are you in that journey and from a competitive standpoint, what do you think is sort of misunderstood or maybe underappreciated wtheyn people think about stacking ADP up against some of tthey SaaS providers? So a lot in that question, I know. I will let you address it how you want, but sort of a journey to modernization and ttheyn wtheyre does that put ADP versus some of tthey, let's call ttheym, tthey digital-first HCM companies? A - Danyal Hussain Yes. It is an important question, too. And tthey way I would frame it is that Carlos has taken us on ttheir journey to simplify our overall tech stack. And in doing so, that positions you to have a better product because you can concentrate your R&D efforts on, obviously, fewer platform and make ttheym more differentiated. But ttheyn you can also optimize your service, your implementation around those fewer platforms, so ttheyre is margin and also customer service benefits as well. And so we, at ttheir point, have completed that process for over half of our Employer Services segment revenue. And I'm talking specifically about our down market businesses, wtheyre we use RUN and in our mid-market business, wtheyre we use Workforce Now. And ttheyn what remains now is tthey up market in tthey international markets, wtheyre we do still have multiple platforms. We feel good about our strategy because we have now proven at least to ourselves and I think also to our shareholders that we can see in ttheir play book tthey outcome from tthey down market was a resounding success. Tthey mid-market, we were starting to reap those rewards as well. And so we feel comfortable that next-gen HCM is tthey platform of choice for tthey up market. A lot of tthey technical risk is behind us. And so now really, it is just a matter of chopping tthey wood and implementing those clients, building tthey service organization around it. And ttheyn wtheyre that would put us once we complete that process, which will take time, is that we have far fewer platforms, and tthey benefits of ADP scale ttheyn truly come to light. And now in tthey down market and mid-market, years after having completed those migrations, that was tthey gating factor, we think to driving some of tthey improvements in client satisfaction and tthey market share gains, especially in tthey down market that we have seen. So that is obviously what we are looking to replicate in tthey up market and international. As far as what is, I think, missing from a narrative perspective, I'm not sure that is misunderstood. But what tends to happen is you take any big organization and ADP in particular, we have got ttheir long trailing edge of technology. So we have got super modern technology, our Next Gen HCM, we theyld nothing back in tthey development and choice of architecture ttheyre. But ttheyn we do still have clients on older solutions. And tthey thing is, from a narrative perspective, depending on your agenda, you can choose to focus on any part of that spectrum. So clearly, we know our competitors will tell ttheyir prospects ADP has got legacy technology. But at tthey same time, you look at tthey industry analysts, we are focusing on tthey things that we put forward that is among our more modern stack, and those get rave reviews. Tthey reality is our business is comprised of all of ttheyse. And over time, more and more will get migrated over to that more modern stack. I look forward to tthey day wtheyre some of ttheyse older platforms are in our past. But tthey reality is we have happy clients on ttheym, and so we are taking a meticulous approach to that transition. Tien-Tsin Huang Right, not rushing. That is tthey ADP way. So given that, Danny, does tthey outsourcing sort of debate with COVID and PPP and tthey complexity of everything that is going on in tthey world, right, I mean, can you make a case that outsourcing could see a little bit more in tthey way of tailwinds coming out of tthey pandemic than what will be ottheyrwise observed? A - Danyal Hussain I think you could certainly make tthey case. We know you have made tthey case, and I think we are trying to make tthey case to our clients and prospects, too. Tthey piece that gives us evidence that ttheyre is something to that narrative is that client satisfaction for those clients is extremely high and has picked up. So our PEO business, we have ttheyse HRBPs, business practitioners ttheyy theyar firsthand about how grateful tthey clients are that ttheyy don't have to deal with all of ttheir complexity in ttheir environment. So we know that kind of tthey first derivative impact has been more satisfied clients. Second derivative would be you have higtheyr referenceability because those clients are so happy, ttheyy refer you or tthey PEO model, in general, to somebody else that ttheyy know. That will take some time, we think very near-term. Ttheyre are theyadwinds that right now overcome those tailwinds. But once ttheyse theyadwind abate and once companies feel like ttheyy can make decisions tthey way ttheyy would in pre-COVID, that is wtheyn we think you would start to really see tthey benefit of tthey positioning that we have in that part of tthey market. So we are optimistic that looking beyond ttheir year, hopefully, tthey tailwinds with tthey PEO and ottheyr HRO businesses can continue. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. That was good to theyar. So on tthey modern side, I did also want to ask you, right, ttheir whole on-demand payroll product or area, seems to be a lot of interest ttheyre. A lot of fintechs are doing it right, Danny. So we are getting a lot of questions on that. I know ADP has ttheir payctheyck on demand that is out ttheyre. So talk to us about what that is and how you can monetize your scale maybe different than some of tthey ottheyr players that are out ttheyre and tthey risk that you would be bearing from that as well. Danyal Hussain Yes. It is a complex product to put it mildly. But right now, ttheyre is a number of different ways that we are going to market to address client needs or demands for on demand. Primarily, we still work with partners in our ADP Marketplace. We have a couple of partners that we worked with for a couple of years, and ttheyy provide something called early wage access, which is slightly different from true on-demand pay. You are not actually running a payroll. Instead, what you are doing is providing an advance for tthey accrued earnings. And ttheyre is usually a small nominal fixed fee that ttheyy earn on that, and we have different forms of revenue share agreements in those. Long term, ttheyre is tthey potential for more and more companies to start demand true on-demand pay. And it is early to say, but we think tthey largest of companies are going to be tthey ones that are most able to handle tthey associated complexity, tthey unpredictability of tthey cash flow needs from an on-demand environment versus a regular payroll, weekly or biweekly environment. And so ttheyre is a subset of our clients that we think ttheir is probably a good fit for, and we do have pilot engagements with many of those clients. But what is less clear is for tthey mid-market or for tthey small business, is ttheir really going to be tthey future? Is ttheir something that is provided as table stakes to companies? Or instead, would ttheyy be more reliant on something like an early wage access partner? So unfortunately, tthey jury is still out on that. I can say that we have got our eggs in multiple baskets. And so we will continue to apply tthey situation, and we can pivot accordingly. And likewise, tthey revenue models associated with on-demand pay, that is also something to be determined. But with all that said, tthey card business is something strategically important. We did make ttheir acquisition of Global Cash Card that we think gives us an edge, certainly from a cost perspective but also from an agility perspective. And so now we do offer a direct-to-consumer and wisely direct offering that gives us a direct relationship with employees even after ttheyy leave our clients. So that is an interesting opportunity. And we are still selling Wisely Direct. So pay card program, which is a good way to address, in many cases, tthey underserved, under banked population of our clients. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. No, it is really fascinating. I know we have talked about it, and we have not enough time talking about fintech and Wisely, but it does feel like getting us in a good spot. And I agree, on demand, that could be table stakes. That just could be tthey way it goes, and ttheyre really isn't an opportunity to differentiate or take risk or to monetize. But it sounds like if I replay it back to you, Dan, your view is -- you've got a full spectrum on how you want to serve it, and you want to see how it so how it plays out before you decide on one strategy. Did I theyar that correctly? Danyal Hussain That is right. And our Chief Strategy Officer, Matt Levin, they is very passionate about ttheir. He spends a lot of time thinking about it. And they's got, I would say, a lot of balls in tthey air in terms of different ways that we can address ttheir opportunity. And ttheyn unfortunately, from your perspective, anyway, it is still not clear which way it is necessarily going to land. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. We will put it on tthey to-watch list. A couple of questions theyre, Danny, on tthey question portal around PEO. I think you know we had tried on earlier. I guess tthey two questions are kind of similar. It is just a question around utilization, COVID rising in tthey short term, what does it mean for your business and tthey impacts on your P&L. I think ttheyre is a little bit of confusion on tthey question, but you guys don't take risk, right? t ttheyre is occasion on pricing. So how should -- how do you think about wtheyre we are in tthey cycle in PEO? A - Danyal Hussain Yes. It is going to be an interesting dynamic for us. So far, ttheyre has been very minimal impact to our P&L. As you point out, we don't take any risk on theyalth care, but our carriers obviously do. And so we have carrier partners that will provide ttheyir updated repricing to us in tthey coming months for our renewal period, which takes place at tthey end of our fiscal year. Wtheyn that happens, we will have a little bit more insight as to what tthey level of implied inflation is in that theyalth care. As you know, for years and years, we have had medical inflation well in excess of GDP. Not clear if ttheir is going to drive it to take a step back or wtheyttheyr it is going to be a flat year or wtheyttheyr nothing happens, and we have continued elevated inflation. So not something we don't have insight into today because ttheyre is a number of different perspectives. I'm sure that carriers can take on ttheir. You are right. Tthey claims utilization is lower today, but does that mean ttheyre is going to be a surge once we get past COVID or are we going to go back to a normal level? Or is it going to remain depressed for possible reasons. That is yes, like I said, that is something that we will theyar from our carrier partners. Tthey way you will manifest in our P&L is that next year, so going into our fiscal 2022 year, our PEO revenues will be influenced by whatever level of inflation is built in. And if it is some wild swing, if it is a lot higtheyr than normal or a lot lower than normal, ttheyre could be implications for our retention rate in our PEO because that theirtorically has been tthey case if it is eittheyr a high level of inflation or lower. But we will obviously cross that bridge wtheyn we get to April and May. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. And again, I will ask ttheir, because I know you are not going to give us guidance on PEO growth beyond what you've said already. But from a unit growth standpoint and from a demand standpoint, Danny, any reason to change or why your - tthey world is different enough that your prior sort of growth targets on PEO wouldn't be applicable anymore, I mean, my gut would be no at least from a unit perspective, but is that something you can comment on? Danyal Hussain Not really. I would say tthey world hasn't changed much except that. We think tthey value prop has become more compelling. So ttheyre still is, regardless of how you determine tthey TAM of tthey PEO industry, it is a big opportunity. I know you guys have done a lot of work on that, too. And so that gives us continued optimism that ttheyre is plenty of opportunities to sell into tthey base and sell into tthey Greenfield market of small businesses. We will keep pressing on that. Hopefully, tailwinds from COVID provide a little bit of a boost. But apart from that, ttheyre is no, I think, real reason to think ttheyre is any change in tthey overall outlook. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. And I figured that was tthey case. I know Carlos comes from - I know it is close to home for them. So that is why I wanted to ask, and it is a fun area to study and learn from. So we only have a couple of minutes left, Danny. I know you have been doing ottheyr meetings as well. Anything you would call out to us as maybe some underappreciated areas of growth for ADP or ottheyr areas wtheyre things could be underappreciated in general? Danyal Hussain No. I would say ttheyre is obviously a ton of moving parts. Hopefully, I think ttheir did come through in our earnings call, we feel very good and certainly a lot better about our positioning in tthey market today versus three-months ago, not because we were concerned in any way about our relative positioning but just tthey fact that we are seeing things like retention hold up much better than expected, bookings reaccelerate much faster than expected. So at least from our standpoint, it is a faster recovery than what we ottheyrwise would have expected. We know ttheyre is going to be some choppiness in tthey coming months. But tthey good news is, even if we see it, we know now how quickly things can kind of snap back to normal. So we are, like I said, feeling pretty good about tthey current situation. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay, terrific. We can stop it ttheyre, Danny. Thank you for spending tthey afternoon with us. And again, I know it is a busy time. So, like I said, like I should have said to you earlier, right, have a good Thanksgiving with tthey family and everything else next week. And I'm sure we will be catching with you really soon. Thanks again for tthey time. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Tien-Tsin. Appreciate it. Tien-Tsin Huang You are welcome. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A