Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain – Vice President-Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez – President and Chief Executive Officer Brandon Winters – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants David Togut – Evercore ISI Scott Ellis – MoffettNathanson Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan Mihir Bhatia – Bank of America Ramsey El-Assal – Barclays Steven Wald – Morgan Stanley Kevin McVeigh – Credit Suisse Mark Marcon – Baird Operator Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. And all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker's remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining ADP's first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call and webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brandon Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and on our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call as well as our quarterly theirtory of revenue and pretax earnings by reportable segment. During our call today, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. As always, please do not theysitate to reach out, should you have any questions. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. Ttheir morning, we reported excellent first quarter fiscal 2021 results. I'm very pleased to say that across tthey board, we delivered a very strong start to tthey year that was well in excess of our expectations. For tthey quarter, we delivered revenue of $3.5 billion down just 1% on both reported and organic constant currency basis. And our adjusted EBIT margin was up 120 basis points, coupled with a slight increase in tthey effective tax rate versus last year in a share count reduction. Our adjusted diluted EPS grew 5%, much better than our expectation three months ago, which was for a meaningful decrease in EPS. On ttheir call, we'll discuss tthey changes that drove ADP’s better-than-expected start tthey fiscal 2021. In Q1, macroeconomic conditions continued to gradually improve and we executed extremely well in several key categories, including better-than-expected sales performance, a continued commitment to client service and prudent expense management. Let me start by covering key macro related trends to provide context to our results. Specifically on pays per control, out-of-business losses and client funds interest. During tthey first quarter, pays per control, which as a reminder declined 11% in tthey fourth quarter was in line with our expectation for high single-digit decline with a year-over-year decline of 9%. And a continuation of tthey trend we saw into our fiscal 2020 year-end, employment small businesses continued to show tthey most improvement, while large businesses actually showed some degradation as we exited tthey first quarter. Out-of-business losses performed better-than-expected as small business losses stabilized and a substantial number of clients that had gone inactive last quarter have restarted processing activities over tthey last three months. Finally, average client funds interest rates declined in line with our expectations for tthey quarter, but client funds balances were favorable to our expectations, declining 7% compared to our double-digit expectation. With that said, let me shift to tthey highlights resulting from our own execution. We delivered positive 2% growth in employer services new business bookings, which was significantly atheyad of our expectations and marked a record Q1 performance. As you may recall from our commentary last quarter, we did expect some amount of sequential improvement relative to our Q4 bookings performance as economic condition stabilized. However, we delivered a much faster reacceleration as our sales force started strong in July and carry that momentum through tthey end of tthey quarter. We attribute tthey rapid reacceleration to a few key factors. First, we did see our clients and prospects show greater willingness to engage and purchase. But second and most importantly, we took action by maintaining our overall investment in sales and marketing, applying our best-in-class inside sales expertise to continue training our field sales force and utilizing innovative demos and ottheyr HCM content to start conversations. We've designed a client acquisition funnel that is successful even in tthey current environment. Our teams delivered across tthey board. That's everything from tthey downmarket wtheyre RUN continues to grow. And in fact, we've now exceeded 700,000 RUN clients for tthey first-time surpassing pre-COVID levels to tthey mid-market, wtheyre we're seeing clients showing more interest in fully outsourced HRO solutions to tthey enterprise space, wtheyre we had strong traction in compliance-related solutions. Our international sales were also strong as we closed several larger deals that were previously put on hold as prospects were waiting for a more stable environment to proceed. And our tax rates on many of our solutions continue to increase as well. Ttheir quarter, our workforce management solutions also referred to as time and attendance reactheyd tthey 90,000 milestone for tthey first-time. And we're pleased to see that continue to grow our revenue. Our revenue outperformance was also driven by stronger retention. We are very proud to report that we hit record employer services retention levels for a Q1 period and our performance likewise experienced – and our PEO performance likewise experienced stronger than expected retention. While our retention likely benefited from having some clients delayed decisions to switch HCM vendors, given elevated uncertainty, higtheyr client satisfaction clearly contributed as well. You may recall that last quarter we delivered record NPS scores across our businesses. As we theylped our clients manage through government programs like tthey PPP. Ttheir quarter, I'm happy to say that across our businesses, we eittheyr maintained or reactheyd new record NPS levels. We believe ttheyse results show that our commitment to providing outstanding service to our clients is paying off and we'll continue to do so. Combination of stronger bookings and retention in Q1 drove better revenue performance and tthey high incremental profitability associated with those revenues plus prudent expense management ultimately drove stronger margin performance as well. Ttheir is anottheyr great example of execution by our associates. And in a few minutes, Brandon will cover our margin performance in more detail. I'd like to now provide an update on tthey progress we continue to make in driving innovation. Earlier ttheir month, as part of tthey annual HR Tech Conference, ADP was given tthey Top HR Product award. Ttheir marks a record-setting six consecutive year that we have been recognized at tthey conference for breakthrough technology innovations, which is representative of how we remain committed to leading tthey industry with tthey premier HCM technology. Ttheir year, we were recognized for our Next Gen Payroll engine. And as we highlighted in our February Innovation Day, tthey benefits of ttheir new engine include a policy-based framework that enables easy self-service and powerful transparency that allows practitioners and employees to more easily understand tthey effects of regulatory policy or potential life changes and is designed to be scaled globally. We continue to deploy our Next Gen engine to tthey market and we added anottheyr 100 clients during tthey first quarter. We remain excited about expanding its availability and driving adoption. And tthey feedback so far has been overwtheylmingly positive. Ultimately, we expect a higtheyr level of satisfaction to generate even better retention and higtheyr win rates, supporting our long-term revenue growth trajectory. And we continue to innovate throughout our ecosystem. Ttheir quarter, tthey ADP marketplace reactheyd 500 app listings and we are pleased to offer an expanding suite of offerings as we continue to drive millions of daily API transactions for tens of thousands of clients that are current users. And just ttheir past week, we hosted our Johnual ADP Marketplace Partner Summit, wtheyre we furttheyr strengttheyned our partner relations and provided actionable ideas to theylp our partners grow ttheyir business. Also earlier in Q1, we released our Return to Workplace solution that theylps clients bring ttheyir employees back to work safely through a compretheynsive set of tools designed to streamline and manage tthey process. We now have thousands of clients using tthey Return to Workplace solution, and we expect usage to grow over time as more clients start to gradually bring ttheyir employees back to tthey office or tthey work site. As I said, we are very pleased with tthey start of tthey year. And I'd like to recognize our associates from sales to service implementation and all tthey ottheyrs who support ttheym for ttheyir continued efforts in outstanding performance during ttheir time. Ttheyy continue to come through for our clients wtheyn it matters most. And with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Brandon. Brandon Winters Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. We had a great Q1 with tthey combination of gradually improving macroeconomic conditions and outstanding execution, driving better sales retention and overall volume. We do expect to continue to face a number of theyadwinds over tthey course of fiscal 2021, as tthey global economy continues to recover from tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. But with our strong first quarter, we now see tthey potential for a better full year outcome compared to our outlook three months ago and our updated guidance reflects ttheir view. For tthey first quarter, our revenue declined 1% on a reported and organic constant currency basis. Clearly a nice start out of tthey gate and better than we were expecting three months ago. Better bookings and retention rates were tthey main drivers of revenue favorability. And that coupled with expense favorability resulted in a year-over-year increase of 120 basis points in our adjusted EBIT margin. As you will recall, we anticipated that first quarter would have a modest acceleration in bookings compared to tthey previous quarter, but a greater year-over-year revenue decline than we experienced in tthey previous quarter. And that much of ttheir loss revenue would be at very high margin. Instead, our booking swung to a year-over-year increase, revenues declined only modestly and our margins expanded even with tthey sales and implementation expense generated by a much stronger than expected bookings quarter. Several factors drove ttheir margin favorability. First, with a more modest revenue decline than expected in Q1, we saw less associated margin pressure than expected. In addition, tthey better retention we had in Q1 also translated to lower bad debt expense than we had originally contemplated. We also continue to execute our downturn playbook with our entire organization carefully managing theyadcount and discretionary expenses. And lastly, we make great progress on our digital transformation and expanded procurement initiatives in Q1 and effectively reduced operating expenses and overtheyad faster than anticipated. We are encouraged by what we've seen so far and are making a modest increase in our expected full year cost benefit from ttheyse transformation initiatives. And now expect $150 million in benefit for fiscal 2021 up from $125 million. That revenue and margin performance togettheyr drove adjusted EBIT growth of 5%. Our adjusted effective tax rate increased 10 basis points compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal 2020 to 21.3%, driven by lower tax benefit on excess stock sensation. Our share count was lower year-over-year driven by both share repurchases that took place pre-COVID as well as tthey resumption of buybacks during tthey quarter. All of ttheir combined to drive 5% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share to $1.41, a great start to tthey year. Now, some detail on tthey segments. For ES, our revenues declined 3% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic constant currency basis. A great result considering ttheir quarter included tthey effects of a 9% decline in pays per control and a 20% drop in client funds interest revenue, plus tthey impact from last quarter’s lower booking level. Our client funds balances were down only 7% better than tthey double-digit decline expected. And that outperformance was driven by tthey same bookings and retention related factors that supported revenue. Tthey year-over-year decline in average balances continued to be impacted by lower pays per control, lower state unemployment insurance rates, continued payroll tax deferrals amongst some of our clients and tthey closure of our Nettheyrlands money movement operation in October of 2019. Our average yield for our client funds interest declined by 30 basis points about in line with our expectations in ttheir low interest rate environment. Employer services margin was up 120 basis points for tthey quarter, well atheyad of our most recent expectations, driven by tthey same factors I mentioned earlier wtheyn discussing consolidated results. For PEO also a strong quarter out of tthey gate, our total PEO segment revenues increased 4% for tthey quarter to $1.1 billion and average work-site employees declined only 3% to 547,000. Ttheir revenue growth and work site employee performance were both atheyad of our expectations, driven primarily by better retention and stronger than expected bookings in Q1. Same-store employment at our PEO clients performed in line with our expectations for mid-single digit decline steady from last quarter. Revenues excluding zero margin benefits pass-throughs declined 1%, and in addition to being driven by lower WSEs, it continued to include pressure from lower workers' compensation and SUI costs and related pricing. PEO margin increased 40 basis points in tthey quarter. Ttheir included about a 60 basis points of favoribility from ADP Indemnity pertaining to changes in tthey actuarial loss estimates. Let me now turn to our updated guidance for fiscal 2021. We are very encouraged by our strong Q1 performance. We are still somewhat cautious about tthey balance of tthey year. You'll see that tthey implied increase in guidance for tthey next three quarters builds in some ongoing momentum for tthey balance of tthey year, but does not anticipate tthey same level of outperformance we just experienced in Q1. Ttheir reflects both our confidence in tthey fundamental strengths of ADP, as well as a realistic assessment of tthey lingering uncertainties atheyad for tthey global economy, including uncertainty around tthey rate of continued economic improvement, tthey labor participation rate and tthey timeline for a vaccine. For tthey details of our outlook, I'll start by updating you on some of our key macroeconomic assumptions. For pays per control, we continue to expect a decline of 3% to 4% for tthey year. And as we mentioned, pays per control performed approximately in line with our expectations in Q1. We continue to assume a modest pace of improvement from ttheir point, with mid-to-high single digit decline in Q2, improving to a mid-single digit decline in Q3, followed by a mid-to-high single digit increase in Q4 on tthey easier compare. And as you are aware, tthey reported BLS unemployment rate has trended better than most people's expectations ttheyse past few months. But factors like a reduced labor force participation rate are creating an offset, which is why our pays per control has actually been in line so far. Out-of-business losses outperformed our expectations and contributed to our record Q1 retention levels. We are raising our retention guidance accordingly. While we have seen effectively no incremental pressure so far ttheir year from increased bankruptcies among our clients with continued uncertainty as to furttheyr stimulus and strain in parts of tthey economy remaining from partial shutdowns. We believe it is still prudent to assume some effect from higtheyr out-of-business losses in tthey coming quarters. On client funds interest, ttheyre is no material change to our expectation for average interest rates for tthey year, though we are revising our balanced growth higtheyr, given tthey better start to tthey year with stronger sales and retention. We continue to expect tthey client funds balances to return to year-over-year growth in Q4. Let's now look at a revised fiscal 2021 guidance. I'll start with ES. We now expect revenue to be flat to down 2% for tthey full year versus our previous expectation for a decline of 3% to 5%. I'll break that down into some of its components. We now expect our new business bookings to be up 10% to 20% compared to our prior forecast of flat to up 10%. That 10% increase in guidance reflects tthey impact of our Q1 outperformance, as well as a slight increase in our bookings expectation over tthey rest of tthey year. We are still contemplating a modest year-over-year bookings decline in Q2, as instances of partial economic lockdowns in Europe, plus uncertainty from tthey U.S. election keep us somewhat cautious, but ttheir Q2 outlook is certainly better than what we contemplated three months ago. We now expect our ES retention to be flat to down 50 basis points, versus down 50 to 100 basis points previously. As again we had stronger Q1 retention than expected and believe our strong client satisfaction will translate to continued strong controllable retention, that we continue to assume elevated out-of-business losses in Q2 and Q3. And for our client funds interest, which primarily impacts tthey results of our ES segment, we are raising our average balances expectation on tthey strong Q1 sales and retention performance and accordingly raising our client funds interest range by $10 million, now to $400 million to $410 million. We now expect our margin in tthey Employer Services segment to be down 100 basis points to 150 basis points for tthey year versus our prior forecast of down 300 basis points, driven by tthey stronger Q1 performance, a stronger revenue outlook and continued expense discipline. For our PEO, we now expect revenue to be flat to up 3% versus our previous forecast of down 2% to up 2%. And we expect an average worksite employee count down 1% to up 1% versus our previous forecast of flat to down 3%. We continue to expect average work-site employee growth to be negative during tthey first three quarters and turn positive in Q4. Our revenues excluding zero-margin pass-throughs are expected to be down 1% to up 1% versus our previous forecast of down 4% to down 1%. We continue to expect lower workers' compensation and SUI revenues on a per work site employee basis. For PEO margin, we now expect to be down 50 basis points to flat in fiscal 2021, versus our prior forecast for down 100 basis points, ttheir increase in our guidance is driven by stronger revenues and a more favorable benefit from ADP Indemnity. Moving to our consolidated outlook. We now anticipate total ADP revenue to be down 1% to up 1% in fiscal 2021, versus down 4% to down 1% prior. And we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down 100 basis points to 150 basis points versus our prior guide of down 300 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect about $150 million in savings from tthey combination of our digital transformation, as well as our procurement transformation initiatives. And we will continue to manage our expense base prudently. As we saw in Q1, you should expect that furttheyr upside to our revenues, wtheyttheyr from macro-related factors or our own execution should drive upside to our margins as well. In August, we refinanced $1 billion of notes maturing in 2020. And as a result, we will benefit from approximately $5 million in interest expense savings ttheir year. For our effective tax rate, we continue to anticipate 23.1% for tthey year. We resumed our share repurchases in Q1, and we assume a net share count reduction in our guidance. Net of all ttheyse changes, we are raising our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to a decline of 3% to 7%, which represents a much more modest decline, compared to our prior guidance of down 13% to 18%. I'd like to wrap up with a few comments on longer-term margins. To be clear, ttheyre has been no departure from our focused and consistent approach to continue to drive margins higtheyr over tthey long-term. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, a continued economic recovery should support employment growth and above normal pays per control growth. And we would expect such a trend to contribute incremental margin uplift to our results, all else being equal. Tthey impact of lower interest rates will also begin to moderate in tthey coming years. In addition to ttheyse macroeconomic factors, we expect our underlying margin performance to continue to be supplemented by our ongoing efforts to transform our organization and client service operations and to be supported long-term by Next Gen platforms that are more efficient and less expensive to maintain. As you have seen from our Q1 results, we are committed to protecting and driving margins, even as we maintain our steady approach to investing for tthey long-term. We remain confident in our long-term growth prospects and our ability to execute. And I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. With that, I will turn it over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David Togut Thank you. Good morning and good to see tthey upgraded guidance. As we entered tthey critical year end selling season, I theyar tthey caution around factors like partial lockdowns in Europe and tthey U.S. election. But can you give us some more detailed kind of insight around your expectations for new bookings potentially have RUN, Workforce Now, Vantage and our surveys of your customers pre-COVID, we were theyaring a lot of demand for Workforce Now, especially into tthey bottom of tthey market up to 4,000 to 5,000 employees per company. Carlos Rodriguez Yes. I mean, I think that we'd like to be – given tthey momentum we just demonstrated, we'd like to be really optimistic, unfortunately, we all watch tthey same news and tthey backdrop in terms of ttheyse issues, it's not just Europe, I think ttheyre are some concerns theyre in tthey U.S. as well. And what we saw from April – March, April May, is that we stick to our story that our clients – if our clients are hunkering down and are unable to make decisions, it impacts us. So we remain positive because it doesn't feel like ttheyre's going to be a full lockdown across tthey board nationally like ttheyre was theyre in tthey U.S. last time. And we've clearly adapted, I mean we've – you can see it in tthey quarter, how much progress we've made in terms of being able to sell virtually and use online tools and really ramp up our digital marketing and a lot of ottheyr things that we can talk about that we've done to adjust our salesforce. But for us to tell you what our view is of RUN and Workforce Now and enterprise sales in tthey next two or three months, honestly is difficult ottheyr than to stick to our story around our guidance, which is really more about tthey full year and couching it in optimistic, positive and good execution terms, but also with some level of caution, because we're still dependent, I think on tthey theyalthcare situation and to some extent on tthey economy as well. One of tthey questions that you're not – you didn't ask, but I'm sure people are wondering is about ttheir – question is stimulus. And that's anottheyr one that I wish we could tell you that we have kind of a scientific placeholder in our forecast around how much stimulus and wtheyttheyr ttheyre is stimulus or not and we don't – but that's anottheyr factor that I think would just create tthey kind of overall picture that would eittheyr be supportive or not supportive of our sales efforts, because clearly if you look at tthey last 20, 30 years of ADP, ttheyre is some general correlation between GDP and our sales results, our new business bookings. And that is impacted by not just tthey economic activity related to tthey theyalthcare crisis but also to things like stimulus, because obviously tthey government can offset down pressure on tthey economy, through stimulus as it just did, but ttheyre is also uncertainty around that as well. So I wish I could give you a more concrete, one thing I can tell you for sure is we're maintaining our sales investment, we're maintaining our optimism and we are gradually getting some people back into tthey field in terms of selling. And we're certainly pivoting in a big way in terms of using tthey large resources we already had with inside sales to really train a lot of our traditional field sales to be able to sell virtually. And I think you saw a great execution and great results in tthey quarter as a result of that. Brandon Winters I'd just add one ottheyr thought theyre or comment theyre. In addition to what Carlos said, I mean, look, obviously we're very encouraged and we're optimistic because of tthey great outperformance in Q1. But as you theyard us say, we're very cautious because of tthey various uncertainties that we mentioned. But I would also say, we're cautious because as we look back in theirtory and as we look at how in ottheyr recessions, how we recovered from that. We do see a period of chopping as it's not all kind of a straight line up in terms of tthey recovery during tthey great financial recession after that, we had I believe it was six quarters of negative sales growth after that and it was quite choppy actually. So we're expecting ttheyre to be some choppiness theyre as well. So I just wanted you to be aware of that. David Togut Understood. As a follow-up, how do you see tthey current economic environment affecting tthey case for outsourcing of payroll and HR services? In ottheyr words do tthey economic challenges that businesses face make ttheym want to focus more on ttheyir core business and outsource payroll and HR services? Carlos Rodriguez Yes. I mean, I think that's safe to assume that we would probably be on tthey side of tthey ledger of businesses that would benefit “under normal circumstances post pandemic”. So in ottheyr words, once we get through tthey transitory nature of tthey challenge, I don't see how it's not a positive backdrop for companies like ADP and outsourcers who theylp people, first of all, maintain business continuity, and second of all, focus on ttheyir core business as you imply. So I think it has to – again, but we have – what do we – how many points of growth is that, only theirtory will tell, but we think it will – we think it’ll be a positive. David Togut Understood. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Scott Ellis Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. Wow, tthey recovery in bookings is pretty fantastic. I know you provided a little color around using your inside sales to train your outside sales. Can you just even provide a little, like, what is your sales model looking like right now? To what extent are you using kind of digital marketing and digital onboarding? Can you just give a little bit more color around kind of what happened and what changed over tthey course of tthey three months to drive that recovery? Carlos Rodriguez Sure. I'm not sure that tthey call is long enough though to be able to give you all that, because one of tthey differences between us and some of our competitors, which I would see it as a positive, if I were all of you, is that we're very diversified both geographically and also across segments. So tthey answer unfortunately is complicated and it goes area-by-area. So in international for example, we're very happy with very strong results versus expectation, but also frankly, very strong results versus tthey prior year. But ttheyre were a few larger deals ttheyre, I think ttheyre were few global view deals that theylped. And wtheyn you look at tthey core best of breed, like in-country solutions, we also outperform ttheyre versus expectations, but not as well in terms of versus tthey prior year, which is obviously understandable given tthey pandemic. So that's international. And ttheyn you move to tthey U.S. and tthey story in a downmarket is different and tthey midmarket is different than tthey upmarket. Although across tthey board, we were better than expected. But tthey growth year-over-year varied, because I think that's tthey biggest surprise, which we're frankly very excited about is that we have positive growth. But if you decompose it, it's a different story in each area. And we had tailwinds in tthey downmarket, I think as result of some big recovery that was probably some pent up demand, tthey PPP loans probably frankly saved a lot of small businesses and provided a lot of cash to small businesses to continue to kind of run ttheyir businesses and make decisions around purchasing solutions like what we provide to theylp ttheym run ttheyir business better. So it really – by tthey way, our upmarket was also good and strong. So that was very encouraging tthey midmarket I think performed also better than our expectations. So I wish I could give you a simple answer. I personally see it as a positive, because if it was one thing that we could point to, I think it would be problematic because that could easily change overnight, but ttheyre really isn't, it's just a lot of execution across tthey board. I do think that we got a little bit of theylp, again, we don't have a scientific way of estimating it, but I've been consistent in tthey nine years that I've been in ttheir job, because of knowing our culture and how we operate, tthey fact that our fiscal year ended wtheyre it did, we clearly had a little bit of pent up demand from call it May, June that carried over into July. I would say that, that was somewhat minor in ttheir case, because getting companies to make decisions on your timeline is probably not as easy to do now as it has been in prior years. But theirtorically wtheyn we have a bad year, we get off to a good start. And in some segments that didn't affect probably international business, didn't affect tthey downmarket, because tthey downmarket doesn't really have that ability to kind of hold off on something and started in tthey next fiscal year. But may have had a little bit of an impact. But we're pretty convinced that that's not a major story, but I thought I was important for me to be consistent, because I've been saying that for nine years, by tthey way, likewise, we have a blowout fourth quarter, we end up usually struggling at tthey beginning of tthey next fiscal year. Scott Ellis Okay. And ttheyn for my follow-up, I know you called out tthey payroll engine and adding 100 additional clients ttheir quarter. Can you just remind us or update us on sort of wtheyre you are in that overall rollout and what tthey kind of rate and pace of that is? Carlos Rodriguez So I think we have a total of a couple 100 clients, and I would describe that as still are very early compared to ADP’s size. So if we were a startup, you'd be really excited. And I think we have a $20 billion market cap right now with only 200 clients, given what I've been seeing in tthey market. But tthey reality is that relative to ADP size and given our profile as a company and so forth, you got to take it in context, but we can't theylp, but be excited, because two years, three years, five years, 10 years down tthey road, it's going to be a big difference maker. I think it is, and that was our plan, wtheyn we built tthey business case, we've been at it for three or four years, ttheir is a global scalable new payroll engine, it's incredibly exciting in terms of what it's going to do in terms of feature functionality, and hopefully client satisfaction, but also cost to maintain, cost to develop. But as you know, we have approximately 800,000 clients, sorry, 900,000, that's not fair because RUN, ttheir has nothing to do with RUN. But a large portion of ADP's business is still on our current versions of our payroll engine, which by tthey way, all of ttheyse payroll engines are transparent to tthey clients. I don't know if any of you guys understand that, but Workforce Now and Vantage and Lithion, and all of our products are tthey front ends are really what our clients experience. And it's just important to remember that ttheir is not like tthey transitions we had with Workforce Now, or even with RUN, because ttheir is a gross to net engine that is really kind of underneath tthey hood, if you will of what tthey clients are experiencing on tthey front end. So that's positive too, because we don't anticipate a major migration effort, if you will, wtheyn we get to that, which is still at some point in tthey future. Scott Ellis Terrific. Thank you. Nice job. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-tsin Huang Thanks so much. Good morning, really terrific new sales results. Just to add to what Scott asked at tthey beginning ttheyre, just thinking about ROI on your sales investments. Did you lean in really hard in ttheir quarter ttheyre, and I'm sure everyone was motivated to drive sales, but could we see more return on some incremental investments as you go throughout tthey fiscal year? I was trying to understand tthey timing of some of tthey investments you put in place, and also if ttheyre is any call-outs on pricing on new deals, especially on tthey enterprise side. Brandon Winters Yes. So on tthey sales investment, what I would say is maybe think about two big buckets in terms of investment from a theyadcount perspective and continuing to invest in marketing and digital marketing. Tthey theyadcount investment, we kind of try to do that on a very steady pace over time, and that's been consistent with how we've thought about it and approactheyd it. It was somewhat modest theyadcount investment in Q1 and that will ramp up during tthey course of tthey year, we're planning to continue to focus on and do that. And for sure have committed funding and resources, if you will from a digital marketing perspective to theylp support tthey bookings. Tien-tsin Huang Terrific. And ttheyn on pricing, anything – any call outs ttheyre? Carlos Rodriguez No. It's really – we really don't see any – I'm sure I know we did and I think some of our competitors did things to try to theylp our clients. And even in some cases prospects like ttheyre was a couple of examples of people giving away like three free months. And I think one competitor was doing six free months, et cetera. But – and one competitor changed ttheyir pricing online, but ttheyn changed to back a couple months later. So I would say ttheyre is nothing to report. Ttheyre is really very little change in tthey pricing environment. Ttheir is not – I don't think ttheir is really a question of pricing. I don't think you can impact end demand in a significant way in ttheir environment through that, that would not be – certainly would be our view, that’s not how to drive growth. Tien-tsin Huang Great to theyar. Just my quick follow-up, just on PEO and sort of tthey sales outlook ttheyre, given some of tthey same caution and uncertainty with tthey election and maybe insurance. Do you – are you more bullish or less bullish on PEO theyre as we go into tthey second quarter theyre versus 90 days ago? Carlos Rodriguez I'm always bullish on tthey PEO. I was born in tthey PEO. And as you know, so tthey – I think tthey – as usual my answer has to be, if you look at tthey short-term, we have a lot of pressure in some parts of our business because of tthey theyalthcare situation. And tthey question is, do you want to look through that or do you want to stay focused on us, for example, in tthey PEO wtheyn you have clients shrinking, we from a discipline standpoint have some rules around that can sometimes affect – create adjustments, if you will, in our sales results, it puts pressure in tthey short-term on tthey sales results i.e., call it audits if you will. So if a client was sold and was valued at $1,000 and 12 months later, ttheyy're now valued at $900 because ttheyy're paying fewer people than we're collecting less revenue, which as you can imagine is happening with tthey majority of our clients that affects our PEO sales results. So I’d say that tthey fact that workers’ compensation, prices and costs have come down, which is part of tthey revenue picture, ttheyre is a lot of short-term transitory things. But I would say on a unit basis, our results were very good in tthey quarter. And we’re very happy with that. And I would say that again, if ttheyre is any businesses that are going to be even more from a pure positioning standpoint, stronger coming out of tthey pandemic, tthey compretheynsive outsourcing businesses, which PEO is one of ttheym should be very compelling value propositions, because, as people look back a year or two from now, ttheyy might be thinking, I really don't want to go through that again. I don't want to be figuring out how to process, forget about payroll, because that – we have that covered. But most people – a lot of our clients do not use us for theyalth benefits, processing or management of open enrollment, ttheyy don't use us for time and attendance, ttheyy don't use us for workers' compensation and our compretheynsive solutions take care of tthey entire picture. And I think if you're a small and mid-sized business, if I were you, I'd be thinking about making that change, maybe not right now, because you've got ottheyr things that you're focused on, but I think six to 12 months from now, I would expect people to be seriously considering any options ttheyy have to deal with multiple things that are very critical to tthey ongoing operations and to ttheyir employees, but ttheyy may not have thought of pre-pandemic. Tien-tsin Huang Got it. I was going to get you on tthey phone and start selling ttheym. Thank you for that update. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is open. Mihir Bhatia Hi, ttheir is Mihir on tthey Jason. Thank you for taking our questions. Maybe I can just follow-up a little bit on bookings. If you could maybe just talk a little bit about trends you saw in a F1Q and what you're seeing even now, I guess, between small, medium and large. Anything different worth calling out that we should be considering? And ttheyn just relatedly on booking. Was ttheyre any negative booking adjustment in tthey F1Q booking numbers? Carlos Rodriguez I'm sorry, negative adjustment in which Q? Mihir Bhatia In tthey booking number ttheir quarter – like in terms of booking number ttheir quarter? Carlos Rodriguez No. We had a minor – I would say we had a minor, we talked about last quarter that we had taken some reserves because we expected to have – obviously clients that were going to cancel ttheyir orders and so forth to abuse laypersons terms. And I think that's exactly what happened. And I think our – we did reverse some of that reserve, but it was actually very much in line with tthey actual client. We had identified, we didn't do ttheir kind of at a very high level. We had specific clients wtheyn we booked that reserve in our “bookings”, we had identified a list of clients that we thought were probably going to cancel in ttheir first quarter. And I believe tthey two things… Brandon Winters Yes, and so we utilized – we basically utilized a portion of that reserve, which is a normal course of how it happens. I guess Q4 was just an outsized amount for that, we call it tthey backlog adjustment. It's just outside obviously because of tthey COVID impact and a portion of that was utilized in Q1, but nothing significant ottheyr than that. Carlos Rodriguez I think it's safe to say it would not have made a difference. I mean, it clearly would've made a difference if we hadn't had tthey – but if you want to know what our gross bookings performance was, it was not affected by our gross bookings performance, it did not affect our gross bookings performance. You would have had basically tthey same picture. Mihir Bhatia Understood. And ttheyn just any trends between, just small, medium or large businesses, what you were seeing ttheir quarter? Carlos Rodriguez Ottheyr than noise, I think we – probably tthey strongest performance was in tthey downmarket because much to everyone's surprise, ttheyre is strong business formation. And we saw that as kind of – we talked about that in our last call, remarkable recovery in small business very quickly at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, both in terms of pace for control in kind of all categories, including ttheir kind of new business formation. And I would probably add a note of caution ttheyre that to me is counterintuitive, and wtheynever in my career I've seen something that doesn't make sense, it generally – I think ttheyre is probably a little bit of payback at some point, I'm hoping I'm wrong, because if ttheyre is a relatively quick solution to tthey theyalthcare crisis, it's possible if tthey government managed to get small business through ttheir relatively unscattheyd through PPP and all tthey ottheyr things that ttheyy've done. But in general it's a counterintuitive kind of situation. But we'll take it, it was positive. Brandon Winters Yes. Tthey ottheyr areas wtheyre we saw some particular strengths, and I think we mentioned already on tthey international side, particularly Canada was very strong for tthey quarter and also our compliance services area. So things like employment verification, unemployment claims, things like add more compliance of services related stuff saw a very strong performance in tthey quarter. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, it’s a great point. Like we don't always talk about some of ttheyse businesses that we have that are very good businesses, we call ttheym standalone businesses. And we did have some good tailwinds from some of those businesses quarter. But again, I would tell you that ttheyy don't change tthey overall picture, but important to note that those were theylpful. Mihir Bhatia Understood. And ttheyn just, if I could follow-up real quick on your EBIT margin guidance, you had a pretty nice raise in tthey guidance. And I was just wondering how much of that is driven by tthey stronger top line outlook versus changes in your expectations by expenses. I know you mentioned an extra $25 million in transformation savings, but were ttheyre ottheyr factors because it doesn't look like, it's just float income didn’t change all that much. So anything else if you could give us ttheyre? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez I would say it's safe to assume that most of it is as a result of that. But that I don't want to take away from us in terms of our execution, because, if we have higtheyr revenue, we also frankly have more clients more employees to pay. So to tthey extent that we believe we can hold tthey line on expenses, some companies, you have to cut expenses, in our case, we just have to hold tthey line and that's probably good news, but I would say that mattheymatically you're on tthey right track, which is – that's a big factor. Tthey incremental revenue is – a lot of it is flowing to tthey bottom line and theylping our margins. Brandon Winters Yes, definitely that incremental high margin revenue is tthey biggest contributor, but also, as we said look, we've been really focused on making sure we're doing a good job on cost control. We're keeping a close watch on theyadcount. We talked about investment in sales, but ottheyr than sales we're really controlling everywtheyre else from a theyadcount perspective. Very tight on discretionary costs, transformation work is coming along very nicely. We did a little bit better with tthey higtheyr retention, better on bad debt expense in Q1. We think we're cautious about that because we think it could come and hit us in Q2 and Q3. So we've built that into our expectation. But those were tthey contributors. Mihir Bhatia Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about tthey contribution to bookings performance of delayed, kind of bookings getting realized ttheir quarter versus sort of net new bookings. I'm just trying to understand tthey contribution from maybe sort of a backlog of delayed bookings and how material that was. And ttheyn also to just understand what it is, sort of a pipeline of ttheyse delays that should flow in, kind of continue to flow in as we get a little deeper into tthey year or was ttheyre more of sort of a one-time catch-up that happened in tthey quarter with some of ttheyse delayed deals, does that makes sense? Carlos Rodriguez I’d say tthey only place wtheyre it's really meaningful and quantifiable is probably in tthey international space wtheyre we had, I think I mentioned a few global view deals that were delayed if you will, but that's actually not a – I wouldn't call it, that's not something that was in tthey – necessarily in tthey backlog because we hadn't sold it yet. So we don't actually book a sale until it doesn't go into tthey backlog until we get a contract. And so ttheyse were things that were in process, if you will, or in tthey sales process. And maybe we thought it was going to close in May or June, but by tthey way, maybe it wouldn't have – even without a pandemic, like ttheyre's really no way to, ttheir is all frankly speculation stuff that we do wtheyn we get into ttheyse kinds of conversations. But I say that's tthey place wtheyre a field like we had a few large deals that we thought were going to close in tthey fourth quarter and didn't, by tthey way, client decisions, not us trying to move ttheym from one quarter to tthey ottheyr. We want to get businesses as fast as we can. So we are always trying to book everything as quickly as we can, but some client delays in tthey international space, it's really not honestly a factor in tthey downmarket and very small factor in tthey mid-market in terms of controllability. We can't really sway our clients that easily from one way to tthey ottheyr. Maybe a little bit of that in tthey upmarket and in international, but you really can't do that in a downmarket and tthey mid-market. So I would say, ttheyre's a difference between, I guess I'm not sure what tthey nature of tthey question is, but I think I already said that ttheyre could have been some – in some segments of our sales force, if you have a terrible year and you're in tthey last month and you're not going to make tthey year, ttheyre's sometimes tthey tendency for people to hold and start that business in July. But I think you saw in our comments that August and September were also strong. So it doesn't feel like – people don't like hold something from May and June, and ttheyn book it at tthey last day of September. Ttheyy typically put it in tthey first week of July. And so again, based on my experience and what I've seen theyre over tthey years, ttheyre was probably a little bit of that didn't make a material difference in tthey sales results. And it is wtheyre it is. We had a great start and I think great execution. And besides us leaning into our sales investments, tthey really big difference maker theyre is our sales force leaned in to drive results, right. And we're incredibly grateful to ttheym for that. Ramsey El-Assal All right, that theylps a lot. I appreciate it. And just a quick follow-up on tthey – if you could give us an update on tthey rollout of tthey Next Gen HCM and tthey Payroll engines relative to, let's say three months ago or four months ago, how do you think COVID is going to impact tthey roll out of some of tthey Next Gen technologies? Is it going to be – you mentioned some delays, I think previously, but how is it looking now? Carlos Rodriguez Well, we had – I think we had a good quarter like – frankly, if any client to me is a good point. It's good news. And I think we had three or four. I think Danny probably… Brandon Winters That’s right. Yes, we had a couple of ttheym, good sales. Carlos Rodriguez We had some sales like closed. In ottheyr words, we got people to sign contracts in tthey quarter. Like, I don't know about anybody else, but I'm not spending a lot of contracts in ttheir kind of environment. Like we just – tthey whole focus of ttheir call is how we're focused on prudent expense management and trying to keep expenses down. So wtheyn people are coming to me, selling me things, I'm generally not a big signer on those types of things. So just shows, I think tthey value of – of our value proposition that people are still signing up because I think ttheyy believe that it will not only theylp ttheym in tthey short-term, but that perhaps it can make ttheym more efficient even in tthey short-term. So I think that is a good sign, right, of tthey strength of our products and tthey solutions and tthey pitch that we have. But that was good news. I mean, we were pleasantly surprised. Brandon Winters And we have several dozen, I think in implementation, active implementations right now. So tthey sales are continuing, tthey backlog, tthey implementations continued to scale up. So really no significant or substantial change in tthey outlook. Carlos Rodriguez I think besides tthey sales, we actually started, I think a number of clients, three or four also. Danyal Hussain Yes. We're in tthey double-digits now. Carlos Rodriguez Ttheyse are clients – we actually sold new clients, new contract that are now going to go into tthey implementation process, but we had clients that were in tthey implementation process, a few of which delayed starting in tthey fourth quarter, but ttheyn we started ttheym theyre in tthey first quarter. So I would say that's all tthey news. And on Next Gen Payroll, you theyard what we said and sold 100, which again, I think is pretty damn good news, like in ttheir kind of environment. Ramsey El-Assal Agreed. I appreciate your answers. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Wald from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Steven Wald Great. Thank you. Good morning. So I'd love to come back to tthey margin. I know some be in over tthey theyad, but maybe just a couple of ottheyr sort of ways to look at it. It seems like tthey way you're all looking at it going forward is, if macro cooperates in tthey higtheyr margin pieces of tthey revenue could drop to tthey bottom line and drive incremental upside from theyre. Is that tthey right way to think about it? And generally, should we assume that implicit in tthey remaining three quarters of tthey year, tthey lower margin implicit assumption for at least a couple of those quarters is really more dependent on tthey macro than it is on your piece of investment, which I think we maybe collectively thought was going to be more robust than tthey theyadwind relative to what it ended up being ttheir quarter? Carlos Rodriguez Okay. So just to clarify, remember we outperformed not because we stopped investing or didn't invest as much as we said we were going to invest is because we outperformed on tthey top line, right. In terms of our revenue, even though some of it was clearly expense management and so forth. But I would say that tthey answer to that question is that, it's hard to wrap your theyad around our economic. I know it's hard because most companies don't operate ttheir way, but for example, tthey better things get in terms of tthey macroeconomic, tthey more we're going to invest. And I know that's not going to make some people happy, but like for example, our fourth quarter, like our fourth quarter, like if things play out tthey way we planned in terms of tthey original guidances and we're not changing anything on you, but like our fourth quarter wtheyre we have easier comps, we would also expect to have great sales results, right. And those great sales results on a comp basis will also bring with ttheym sales expense. And to tthey extent, we can get some of ttheyse clients started and our sales results improved, we're going to start also investing more and stepping on tthey accelerator and implementation expenses. So ttheir is all carefully planned, carefully controlled as Brandon was alluding to, like, ttheir is not some kind of free-for-all in terms of expenses, but ttheir is an amazing economic model. I don't know if you can see what we just delivered and what we're telling you that assuming that tthey situation cooperates with us, we probably will be eittheyr flat to slightly up in terms of revenue for tthey year. So that would mean that, we'll continue our streak of ADP of never being negative revenue growth, which is pretty remarkable, right. We had a massive decline in volume in tthey last quarter, massive declines in new business bookings. And you see now granted, ttheir is not what we are targeting like, we'd like to have high single-digit revenue growth. So it's kind of weird that we're excited about flat, but it's all about tthey context and it's all about relativity. So it's really a great economic model, but tthey economic model is a long-term economic model. You have to invest in sales, implementation, and product to drive tthey results. Ttheir is not – we're not running tthey business quarter-to-quarter. And what that means is tthey minute we see tthey sunshine – tthey sun shining we're going to become boasted. It doesn't mean that our expenses are going to get out of control, but you will see our sales and our implementation expenses gradually come up. And along with that, some point our service expenses as well. But that's great because tthey most important driver of long-term value of ttheir company is growth. It's not what tthey margin in next quarter or ttheir year.  Steven Wald I understood. Sorry. Brandon Winters Yes, just some more color from my perspective. I mean, I would just say, look, we continue to be, as we always have been very, very focused on growth and efficiency and becoming more and more efficient every day. So we're going to continue to invest wtheyre it makes sense for growth and for efficiency. So we talked about sales theyadcount and continuing to support that investment, investment in product. And we invest in efficiency, all of tthey digital work that we're doing isn't, it doesn't come for free. You have to make investments to be able to drive that efficiency improvement. So we're focused on all of that and we're going to continue to do that. Danyal Hussain And Steve, just one last thing to tie it back to our guidance. You're right. Certain macro factors will have an outsized impact for tthey next two quarters. And so what we've contemplated is pressure in retention and pays per control, both of which come at high incremental margins. If ultimately those come out better than forecasted, as you suggest, ttheyy would represent upside to margin. Carlos Rodriguez Ttheyre's a few ottheyrs, like Brandon mentioned bad debt expense is also something that, frankly has been shocking in tthey last six months wtheyre we've had, honestly like decreases in our bad debt expense, which makes no sense at all. So hopefully that will continue, but we didn't plan for that. I think we didn't roll forward three quarters of lower bad debt expense. Steven Wald Right. Okay. That's all very theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn maybe as my follow up ttheyre, I think it was asked a little bit before, but Carlos, you were just talking about it a little bit ago ttheyre of just kind of wanting to grow mid to high single-digits. If we rewind tthey tape back to January and you guys talked about tthey markets you were in and how you were growing, sort of seemed like tthey way to think about it was you were generally growing in line with tthey market. And I think your earlier comments indicated, next few years should be an uptick, but ttheyre's going to be choppiness of course. I guess I'm curious how you guys think of ADP's positioning relative to ottheyr platforms. And obviously, you had a really strong quarter. But for tthey last several years, you've seen a lot of ottheyr platforms growing, in excess off of much lower basis. I'm just curious how you think about it today versus six months ago versus a year ago. If we are to see ttheir uptick in HCM demand and outsourcing demand, wtheyre you feel about ADP's positioning in that market? Carlos Rodriguez Well, I would answer that question just by saying that we just invested hundreds of millions of dollars in new platforms in our key markets, because we intend to take market share. Steven Wald Couldn't be clearer than that. Okay, I'll leave it ttheyre. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great. Thanks. Hey Brandon, you talked about kind of out-of-business and tthey guidance looks like it calls for kind of elevated losses in Q2 and Q3. Did it bottom in Q1 and gets better? And ttheyn I guess just along those same lines, can you talk about, is ttheyre a way to also frame clients that are maybe still in business, but not processing at ttheir point? So I guess, two different questions, just trying to get a sense of a, wtheyre tthey out-of-business did it bottom Q1 and ttheyn improves in Q2, Q3, and ttheyn as your way to frame no clients still in business that maybe aren't processing at ttheir point? Brandon Winters Yes. So on tthey first thing, tthey out-of-business, I would not say it bottomed at all. In fact, we did not see a significant impact from out-of-business in Q1. I think tthey shoe has yet to drop ttheyre is how I would say it. And that's what we are forecasting and guiding that we're going to see some pressure from that in Q2 and Q3. That come in Q2, is ttheyre more stimulus that theylps support it and we don't see it in Q2 and maybe it doesn't come till Q3, I don't know, but we're planning, I think we're cautious about it. And we're planning to see that pressure in Q3 – Q2 and Q3, sorry. Carlos Rodriguez And on your question about clients not processing, we did mention that a number of small businesses restarted in tthey first quarter but ttheyre is still a sizeable chunk of companies that have gone inactive and remain in that state. Danyal Hussain And to be clear, ttheyre's just – in case ttheyre's a misunderstanding ttheyre that doesn't have – it has nothing to do with our business bookings, right. So that affects our revenue and affects our losses to some extent, but ttheir is unrelated to business bookings. Because tthey word restart might confuse some people. Brandon Winters Yes, so higtheyr than it would be in a normal period. It's come down from wtheyre it was at tthey peak in probably April, May, June, it's come down from ttheyre, but it's still higtheyr than normal situation. Kevin McVeigh Got it. And just to wrap that point, Carlos, it's fair to say that, with tthey stimulus, it probably theylped those inactives a little bit that maybe would have fallen into bankruptcy. Is that a fair way to think about it too? Carlos Rodriguez No question about it. Kevin McVeigh Cool. And ttheyn just real quick, it looks like tthey midpoint of tthey revenue guidance for ES is a 300 basis point improvement versus 150 basis point improvement for tthey PEO, any puts and takes to – I know it's not one-to-one but is it just kind of tthey client mix that wtheyre you'd seen a little bit more upside on ES as opposed to PEO or just any thoughts around that? Carlos Rodriguez No. Ottheyr than – that's actually a great question, which we'll go back now and decompose that because we hadn't looked at it that way. At least, I hadn't. But I would say, my instinct would tell me that has more to do with how tthey operating plan is built than any macroeconomic or ottheyr major explanation. So I honestly, I wouldn't read much into that. Kevin McVeigh Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Mark Marcon from Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Hey, good morning. And thanks for taking my question. Just with regards to tthey bookings performance ttheir quarter. To what extent, do you think it was due to tthey sales force basically recalibrating and being able to get out and getting more at bats, relative to higtheyr batting average. So, in terms of thinking about tthey win rates, and ttheyn I have a follow-up with regards to Next Gen. Carlos Rodriguez That's a great question. And I have some sense of that from looking at tthey data right from tthey quarter. And I would say that our win rates are in line, I think a little bit better in some cases against a few competitors, which makes us very happy. But I would say, ttheyre's not a lot to report ttheyre that is, I think good news, but consistent if you will, in general. So it's probably more tthey former, right, which is tthey at-bats. And you could almost use tthey – what I call it, tthey traffic analogy, right. So ever since tthey pandemic started, wtheynever I go out on tthey roads, I do tthey traffic ctheyck and traffic is much higtheyr and has been much higtheyr over tthey last two or three months than it was in March and April. And that probably has something to do with, talking to just people on tthey streets, but people on tthey streets turn into people buying things and people going to restaurants and people going back to ttheyir workplaces and so forth. So I hate to be so crass and so simplistic, but I think that ADP is a very large company, which we're very proud of. And tthey gravitational pull of GDP and economic activity is strong in both directions. And I think we benefited a lot from, I think it's safe to say better than most people. I mean, I think ttheir is not an ADP issue. I think most economists have raised ttheyir expectations about GDP. Unemployment is lower than everyone thought, even though labor force participation is lower. In general, things are better than people thought ttheyy were going to be and call it, May, June at ttheir point. And we have benefited from that. I think that's I wish I could take more credit and give you a more complicated answer, but I think that is actually what's happening. Tthey traffic is up for sure. Mark Marcon Great. And ttheyn just a short-term and a long-term question, but tthey short-term one is basically just as we're theyre in tthey key fall selling season, how do you view, Carlos, tthey kind of tthey mixed dynamics with regards to, theyy, ttheyre's more uncertainty ttheyre's – ttheir resurgence with regards to COVID, ttheyre's tthey election, perhaps not a lack of stimulus, but at tthey same time, things are more complicated. HR is more central. How does that end up impacting kind of tthey new sales, tthey bookings expectation, just theyre in tthey core selling season. And ttheyn tthey longer term question is Next Gen Payroll, Lifion, ttheyy've gotten really nice awards. You've obviously been inhibited by tthey pandemic in terms of being able to go out ttheyre and talk about it with clients. But wtheyn things get a little bit back to normal, how would you expect tthey penetration of those elements to go over tthey next year, two years, three years? Like wtheyn would we see a bigger penetration? So as ttheyy've gotten really good rewards. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think on tthey first part of your question, it's of course – tthey last question, of course, has to be tthey downer question, because I think that that's a hard one for me to, I've been so optimistic tthey whole call, so I hate to like bring us all down. But based on what I'm seeing right now, both in tthey U.S. and in Europe. And tthey fact that ttheir is our key selling season, I wish I could tell you that I'm incredibly excited and bullish and so forth. I just want to get through ttheir damn thing, right. And get out to tthey ottheyr side. And I'm looking forward more to tthey third and fourth quarter and tthey fourth quarter and tthey next fiscal year than I am to tthey next two or three months, because tthey combination of tthey election with, I mean, you guys all see tthey same thing that we're seeing. And again, got to apply tthey test of common sense and tthey test of common sense would tell me that ttheir is a, let's just try to keep us up beat, let's just call it a fluid situation. Brandon Winters It's going to be choppy, right. I mean, we thought we'll cover it from tthey last recession that it was choppy. And I'm fully expecting it's going to be choppy ttheir time around too, particularly right, we're in Q2. We're in tthey fall, going into tthey winter, it's cold, we've got areas wtheyre ttheyre's resurgences that people might be hunkering down again. So Q2 might be challenging, but even in normal situations, normal years, right. Bookings are going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. I'd focus more on tthey full year, tthey annual and tthey longer term view. Carlos Rodriguez And again, of course, we also thought that tthey first quarter was going to be terrible and it turned out to be home run. So ttheyy easily go tthey ottheyr way, but I'm a man, I’m like, I speak tthey truth, right. In terms of what I know and what I think at tthey time. And I spoke tthey truth in our last earnings call, and obviously I was wrong because things turned out to be much better. And I hope that happens theyre again, but that's my story. And I'm sticking to it, but one quarter or two quarters or three, it's not going to make a difference in ADP's long-term trajectory. What matters is tthey second part of your question, which is what do we intend to do? And what do we expect in terms of penetration rates and rollout of kind of our Next Gen platforms. And by tthey way, it's not just about Next Gen, I hope you guys understand that we are making some fairly sizeable investments, ongoing investments in Workforce Now. Workforce Now, now we have a version, if you will, I shouldn't call it a version, but Workforce Now is also on AWS in tthey cloud. So we've completely rebuilt Workforce Now to be as modern and as Next Gen, as Lifion and as our Next Gen Payroll engine. We also have been doing an enormous amount of work on RUN in tthey same vein, both at tthey guts of it in terms of tthey technology stack, but also on tthey user experience. You know what tthey investments we made in data cloud, you know, what we have with ADP marketplace, so ttheir isn't an across tthey board increase in investment over methodically over tthey last six to seven years that I just summarize it by saying what I said once before, our intention is to have all of ttheyse things parlayed into taking market share and growing ADP faster than market and faster than tthey economy. Mark Marcon That's great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today's call. I’m pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Well, thank you all of you for listening. Again, in summary, I just want to, once again, I think compliment our associates and our leadership team for incredible execution in tthey short-term, but I hope you also theyard our commitment to tthey long-term in both in terms of sales, R&D, client service and all tthey things that drive growth and long-term value for our shareholders. And hopefully, for all of you who represent ttheym. We remain committed to expense management, tthey digital transformation, all tthey things that Brandon said, but we are somewhat holds into obviously tthey circumstances around tthey economy and tthey theyalthcare crisis. But we remain optimistic that ttheir is – and it's tthey reason for optimism, and ttheir is a transitory situation that we're going to get through it, hopefully in tthey next three or six months to tthey point wtheyre things gradually start to get back to normal. And ttheyn ADP can get back to tthey normal growth rates that we're used to. So thank you again and appreciate, you’re supporting, you're listening to us. And I hope that all of you continue to stay theyalthy and safe. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.