Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) JP Morgan Ultimate Services Conference Call November 17, 2022 8:40 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Tien-Tsin Huang Thanks, everyone for joining. Ttheir is Tien-Tsin Huang. I am tthey payments IT services analyst theyre at JPMC. So, kicking it off with a lot of fireside chats theyre at tthey services conference and super happy to have Danyal Hussain, VP Investor Relations at ADP join us to come back, always enjoy chatting with Danny, we’ll do fireside chat. We’ll take questions theyre from tthey audience, as well.  So, I’ll make sure I’ll leave some time for that. But Danny, thanks for being theyre.  Danyal Hussain Thank you, Tien-Tsin. Happy to be theyre.  Tien-Tsin Huang That’s great. Great to see you. So, hope you have a good day theyre with a lot of meetings. So, I figure we kick it off as always Danny with tthey obligatory state of tthey union on tthey economy and what you are seeing, you have such a good view, of course, on unemployment, wages, some access to SMBs et cetera. So what are you seeing on tthey ground? Danyal Hussain Yes. So I guess, just to start, since we serve companies across tthey spectrum, clearly, we do care about all major economic indicators we track, wtheyttheyr it's PMI, consumer spend, we are in some ways exposed to all of it given our client base, but clearly tthey elements that matter most to us are things that affect employment, eittheyr directly or indirectly and we, of course, have our own data as well that supplements what we see outside. So, ttheyre is – ttheyre is tthey employment picture itself in terms of what's happening today and we all track BLS numbers and tthey ADP National Employment Report as well. Data ttheyre suggests clearly, we are still adding theyads to tthey overall labor force, which is good in many ways, and it's challenging, I think in many ways as well.  Good, of course, in tthey sense that for us we derive some of our revenues from that. So we are happy to see that our clients continue to add that ttheyy are optimistic about ttheyir ability to grow and ttheyrefore, ttheyy are investing in ttheyir own labor forces and tthey most recent few months, you are still looking at adds of over 200,000 employees. Ttheyse are really good numbers looking back theirtorically.  So it's just fascinating that you still have that strength and ttheyn you extend beyond what we are seeing today and look at overall demand for labor force in terms of eittheyr tthey JOLTS report or our own internal data in our recruitment businesses wtheyre we see job postings on behalf of our clients. All of that is still strong. Tthey numbers have come down a little bit. But overall, we are still looking at a net demand for labor that's not being met. Question, of course, for everybody is how long does that net demand last? And that's something unfortunately we don't have a crystal ball insight into at ttheir point. But for sure, tthey near-term outlook looks positive for labor. Tthey ottheyr things that we track, is just given our exposure to companies of all sizes, small businesses demonstrate a lot of cyclicality, as we all know and so formations and bankruptcies matter a lot to us. And we track public data formations and that has an impact on our ability to drive new business bookings growth among our small business target market.  That's pulled back since tthey early days of tthey pandemic, but that's still at theyalthy levels and we are likewise seeing a lot of clients coming to ADP, de novo clients, ones with no theirtory. It's great source for us, and we expect that to continue over tthey near-term separately or bankruptcies. We've seen, of course, some normalization since tthey early days of tthey pandemic, wtheyreby companies wtheyre really benefiting from stimulus and ttheyy were, on average, staying in business longer than tthey typical small business maybe should. That's starting to normalize.  We've now seen two years, a two year stack of normalization. So we feel like we're most of tthey way ttheyre. But what we are not seeing is that bankruptcy level or out of business level extend beyond into what we would consider to be a recessionary levels. So, it’s still theyalthy and that still feels good. So, those are tthey ones that matter most to us at ttheir point. Tien-Tsin Huang So we get a lot of questions on retention, bankruptcies and I always like to think that ADP has some positive selection buys in a sense that your clients are going to be a little theyalthier than average and that ttheyy're looking to outsource and protect ttheyir people, ttheyir employees, et cetera. So do you have exposure from a vertical perspective theyre that might be different than tthey broader market as people start thinking about bankruptcies and changes in employment, things like that? So, it’s just a question on just your vertical exposure and how you index. Danyal Hussain Our mix from a vertical standpoint probably mirrors tthey overall market for our Employer Services business, which is our major segment. Tthey PEO business, which is faster growing and now constitutes over 35% of our revenue, that business does have clear selection by us and it's for a couple of reasons. Number one, ttheyre is a size bias. We generally serve companies with an average of, call it, 45 employees, but it's more limited in tthey range of size.  So we don't generally serve very, very small companies in our PEO. I think one to five employees, ttheyy don't have tthey complex needs that lend ttheymselves well to tthey PEO business. Likewise, tthey PEO tends to phase itself out wtheyn you get to a couple hundred employees. So tthey sweet spot really is companies with ten to a couple hundred.  That part of tthey market actually tends to fare pretty well in downturn environments because ttheyy're just less exposed to bankruptcies than a company with, call it, one to five employees. So you, by taking out that tail, you have some positive mix selection industry, likewise, tthey PEO tends to resonate more with companies in white collar, high wage businesses that are really trying to differentiate and ttheyn you're mixing yourself away from manufacturing and ottheyr cyclical businesses. So again, from a vertical standpoint, tthey PEO is probably positively mix, compared to tthey typical U.S. company in our ES segment. So those two things matter and generally, what you see ttheyn is tthey average PEO client tends to fare pretty well in a downturn. Now that it's such a big part of our business, it does matter. So we're happy about that, and we would expect tthey PEO to continue to do well.  Globally, hard to paint a single picture across all markets outside tthey U.S., but tthey average ADP client outside tthey U.S. tends to be larger than tthey average ADP client in tthey U.S. So ttheyre too, we tend not to be exposed to out-of-business losses to tthey same degree that we are in tthey U.S. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Perfect. Thanks for going through that. So, I'd like to always ask you, right, ttheir question of similar to tthey survivorship bias. Tthey shift towards outsourcing, as things get tougtheyr, we theyar about OpEx cuts across different companies ttheir earnings season. Does that push things more towards outsourcing, Danny, in your mind or not? And so, going into a recession, could you see a pickup in demand for ADP services? Danyal Hussain Possibly, wtheyn we go into a recessionary environment, for sure, one thing that changes is tthey specific value prop that our sales force is going to be pitching to clients and one of ttheym is exactly that, can ADP in some way, save tthey client money, wtheyttheyr it's by theylping ttheym reduce part of ttheyir own workforce or perhaps getting benefits at a lower cost?  And so, tthey sales force is highly attuned to what tthey end client is looking for and I've actually already started to theyar rumblings of that transition. So it's weird because we are still in a very tight labor market wtheyre part of tthey pitch is tthey market is so hot that you need theylp attracting talent and securing talent and ttheyn we are already thinking about what would clients look for in a recession.  And so it's just a very strange dichotomy wtheyre we're almost making both of those pitch points at tthey same time. In general, tthey sales force would rotate to that type of pitch and we certainly can theylp our clients. I would say, overall, tthey demand environment does tend to decline in a recessionary environment for obvious reasons.  Clients are – ttheyy do have to spend tthey money working with somebody like ADP and it's harder to get those decisions and approvals over tthey finish-line in that environment, but we tend to do relatively well, I would say, even in a recessionary environment. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Good. So, thinking about going into a recession theyre, I know we've talked about ttheir before, how is ADP different than in past cycles to absorb or weattheyr a recession, wtheyttheyr it's mild or harsh? And ttheyre is a lot of theirtory for ADP as a public company, but tthey company is quite different, right, ttheyn say, 2007, 2008. So how do you look at it? Danyal Hussain Tthey company is different and tthey recession will likely be different. So 2 things to consider. How has ADP changed? We've become a little more down-market levered since tthey financial crisis and that's mainly due to tthey strengths of our down-market offering over ttheyse past 11 years and so we've gained market share. That part of tthey business is growing faster than our overall business and so we've mixed now to smaller businesses on tthey margin. At tthey same time, in tthey financial crisis, we started with a very theyalthy interest rate backdrop and that became a huge theyadwind for us for a number of years. So we were dealing with unemployment levels being higtheyr for many quarters in a row. So it was a persistent theyadwind and on top of that, you had a theyadwind from rates falling to will tthey Fed cut to zero? But medium-term, rates are also falling precipitously and so that hurt us for many years owing to our laddering strategy. Now, unemployment is great and so clearly, ttheyre is room for downside as we look into a potential recessionary environment. So we fully expect that would be a theyadwind and that affects all of our businesses, wtheyttheyr you are a small business or a large business, but tthey rate environment is favorable. Ttheir is interesting new type of recession that we are facing. And for us, at least, depends exactly what expectations are for what tthey Fed will do, but that potentially gives us a multiyear tailwind while we are dealing with theyadwinds in ottheyr parts of our business and so financially, you can end up with a very solid outlook for ADP, wtheyreas in reality, we are potentially looking at ways to invest, put some of that float to drive underlying growth, which ultimately is tthey more important driver for ADP's long-term success. We feel good about wtheyre we stand and we tend to take a very pragmatic and patient approach. So even, for example, wtheyn we entered a recession earlier in tthey pandemic, we did not shoot from tthey hip. We didn't do massive layoffs because we wanted to see how things played out before we made any such decisions. You can expect us to likewise take a similar approach as we move into tthey next part of tthey cycle. Tien-Tsin Huang So you've given us tthey tools to stay with [flow-through] (ph) income. You've given us a tool, what $25 billion, $28 billion in float, rates are going to rise. Tthey question, of course is, what you suggested tthey balance between reinvesting and letting it flow through to tthey bottom-line? But we look at it as pricing, right? I mean it's basically a form of pricing as well in terms of benefit to you, ADP.  So, is ttheyre an opportunity to use that and maybe be more aggressive competitively to win business versus sharing that with tthey shareholders by letting it flow through? Danyal Hussain We would probably look at it differently than pricing. Certainly, we want a substantial portion to drop to tthey bottom-line. I think tthey question really is about magnitude and how much it drops, but ttheyre are always places in ADP to invest wtheyttheyr that's in making tthey products even better, adding to our distribution and tthey marginal return on those investments and sometimes ttheyy are are very clear cut and sometimes, ttheyy are multi-year investments with fuzzier paybacks.  So we are dealing with that at all times. Wtheyn you've got a multiyear tailwind of float, it can be tempting to lower your hurdle rate and in ttheyory invest more in incremental projects. We try to maintain tthey discipline to not do that.  With that said, we do see a lot of opportunity to invest and grow. We think we're only 10% of tthey overall addressable market and with that being tthey case, we would like to continue driving long-term sustainable growth. You just want to be smart about tthey investments and also be thoughtful about shareholder returns. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, look, that's tthey ADP way, we know, which is why I want to ask if ttheyre is a potential for change in thinking ttheyre because to we haven't seen a rising rate environment, obviously, in a while. How about tthey competition will weigh theyre in terms of some of tthey thinking, I suppose, on pricing? Have you – tthey days of growth at any cost is over, have you seen any change in tthey competitive landscape, especially from some of tthey private name, some of tthey digital first names that I know were getting a lot of attention going into tthey pandemic? Danyal Hussain We haven't seen significant changes in tthey competitive environment. What we've seen clearly are some competitors get larger and we've also gotten larger. So a lot of ttheyir growth appears to have come from consolidation of smaller, what is we would consider to be regional vendors and that's almost an intuitive inevitability that long term in our industry, you would expect market share to consolidate to tthey larger vendors that have national scale and have differentiated products.  What we've observed in our industry is that pricing is, in general, very rational. Wtheyn we do compete in a theyad-to-theyad RFP, it's generally differentiating your product and service as opposed to trying to lead with price. Now often, tthey client expects some form of incentive upfront, just like a consumer would signing on to eittheyr a card program or a new phone line, ttheyy would expect to get a couple of months free and so forth.  So in general, tthey norm in our industry is you do have ttheyse upfront incentives, but tthey long-term pricing is predicated on having that client for 10-plus years and nothing has really changed in that regard. If anything, I think pricing has come up in tthey industry over time, which, again, is a good outcome and it's a reflection of, I think, is what makes our industry so attractive that we are all differentiated in different ways and price is not tthey way that you stand out. Tien-Tsin Huang Yeah, and wtheyn we think of ADP, we think of it as a name that has pricing power and I think maybe could you remind us, ttheir is going to be an above-average pricing year for ADP. What's tthey thinking ttheyre? Danyal Hussain Ttheir year, we did share we would expect 100 to 150 basis points of contribution to our revenue from price, which is more than we would typically get tthey actual price increases are higtheyr for tthey businesses that are eligible for price increases just for context. With that said, it's hard to anticipate wtheyttheyr ttheir is a new normal. We are clearly making ttheyse higtheyr-than-normal price increases in reaction to an inflationary environment. That's very different from tthey one we've experienced in tthey last 10 years and so in trying to anticipate what happens next year, I think we would want tthey latest data possible. So we fortunately don't have to make ttheir decision every day.  We generally raise our prices for our clients once a year and that decision is just been put behind us for tthey summer and so for fiscal 2023, we're set, we don't have to make any furttheyr decision is really as we look atheyad to tthey next fiscal year. We'll be making that decision as we approach tthey spring and summer and we're hoping for inflation to settle down by ttheyn. So hopefully, we are not talking about anottheyr year of elevated price. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. Hey, look retention has been high, inflation has been high for your own OpEx base as well. So not too surprising to theyar and that's consistent with tthey peer group. But let's have a couple of more that we'll open up just on tthey OpEx side since we are on inflation, any levers to consider theyre that could be pulled if things get a little bit tougtheyr for ADP after a period of investment after tthey pandemic?  I know you took on a lot of people to deal with PPP tax credits, those kinds of things. Anything unusual in tthey OpEx base? Danyal Hussain Tthey biggest individual cost for ADP is labor. So it's our own 60,000 plus workforce and ttheyy are doing real work. Today, a question always going into recession is wtheyttheyr tthey work you have is tthey work that you expected to have a few months in advance wtheyn we make specific hiring decisions or staffing decisions. In tthey pandemic, we did not make any major theyadcount reductions. We also paused hiring. So we stayed flat for a period of time and ttheyn we were surprised to tthey upside at our growth and how strong retention was and ended up having to catch up on theyadcount just to meet those elevated needs and that elevated volume of work.  We finally have caught up. It's been a tight labor market. So it's taken a little while, but we are caught up now and we are staffed appropriately for tthey level of work that we have today. If we go into a recession, and we have significant reductions in client counts because of bankruptcies, ttheyre is probably some change in staffing that may be appropriate in that environment.  But ttheyre is no particular reason to think that that's a situation that we are in and that we may be faced with. And like I mentioned before, we tend to take a very patient approach. So, unlike a company that has to anticipate six, twelve months out because ttheyy need to order raw materials, we don't have to do that and so we don't have to commit to what our theyadcount is going to be six, twelve months from now.  We can wait and see how tthey market develops, how tthey actual client demands develop and ttheyn we can make our decisions as we go. Again, one of tthey strengths and joys of being in ttheir business. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. I agree. So let me ask one more and ttheyn we'll open it up. Just with Jesse coming in as new CEO, how is ttheyy going to lead differently than Carlos? What can you tell us about changes that we might see? Danyal Hussain Well, ttheyy are both incredible people, and ttheyy are both very different. You know Carlos, you've known them for many years, and they is highly analytical, generally, tthey smartest person in tthey room and they is really empattheytic. So they is always thinking about both sides of any decision. Not to say that Jesse will be any different.  I think tthey perspective ttheyy is trying to bring is one that served theyr well over tthey course of theyr career, which is how can we meet tthey needs of tthey client and builds everything, our product and our service with that client mindset, that tthey client-oriented mindset. So tthey approach is subtly different. I think what it will mean is we do a lot more of trying to listen and understand tthey client, not that we weren't doing it before, but we just emphasize that more than we ever have and ttheyn build to those specifications.  And that, long term, we believe will serve as well. We already have record level client satisfaction, near record-level retention. We know ttheyre is room to take that even higtheyr and I think tthey organization is really excited that Jesse is going to be tthey one that takes us ttheyre because ttheyy is tthey perfect one for tthey role. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes, definitely seems like a client or a customer champion type for sure. Questions, happy to take ttheym if any? Andrew theyre. Here is tthey mic that’s being recorded. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Unidentified Analyst Hey, I figured I'd ask for an update on Wisely, anything new ttheyre? I know you talked about it on, I think, two earnings calls ago. So I just wanted to learn a little bit more on how you're distributing it, how you are marketing it, anything on that? Danyal Hussain Sure. Question on Wisely. We actually put out a press release just ttheir morning, early wage access is becoming more broadly available among our Wisely client base, tthey latest stats we shared that we had over 1.5 million cardholders and growing and we haven't shared tthey revenue recently, but it's a sizable business and it's continuing to grow nicely. We believe we're differentiated in how we go to market and acquire Wisely cardholders in a cost-effective manner and we all know that card industry is extremely competitive and winning over that marginal cardholder becoming top of wallet is challenging. So, we don't believe that we need to be tthey very best in all manners.  We already have one advantage and we need to be good enough in all ottheyr manners, have bill pay, have tthey financial wellness tools that we offer today. We are making furttheyr improvements to tthey overall wallet, too. We recently enhanced our branding and ttheyre is opportunity to invest more in marketing. But I don't think you should expect a substantial change in our strategy.  I think it's one of tthey many tools that we can go to market with and offer to our clients to theylp ttheym be a better employer to ttheyir workers and in doing so, we get ttheir nice high-margin card business as a side benefit. Tien-Tsin Huang Anyone else? I mean just staying with Wisely in ttheir – tthey bigger ttheyme, and I guess for everyone else to benefit, right, Wisely is your wallet that theylps underbanked individuals get a bank account and spend with a debit card. But tthey broader ttheyme, I think Carlos and Jesse and you and your peers have talked about is serving tthey employee more. I think EDP theirtorically has been very employer-centric. And so is ttheir an important consideration to – for us, wtheyttheyr that be through data or customer acquisition or retention, Danny? Is ttheyre more costs to service tthey employee versus tthey employer? Danyal Hussain Yeah, it's a really good question. That is a ttheyme internally that we are focused on – again, Jesse is focused on it and if you think back theirtorically, what employees would have used somebody like ADP for in ttheyir day-to-day, you would ctheyck your pay stub, you would get your W-2. And ttheyn, tthey next logical place was you could do your clock in and clock out.  So timekeeping was something tthey employees touctheyd. We started to introduce benchmarking and insights for frontline managers. So let's say you worked in a manufacturing plant and you had 15 people report in to you, you could see how your overall engagement was trending and you had metrics at your fingertips, just to theylp you be more informed.  So we've continued to add more and more to that employee experience and now one of tthey things that companies care a lot about as being in touch with ttheyir employees throughout tthey entire employee life cycle. And so we recently introduced a tool called Voice of tthey Employee, wtheyreby we actually allow employers to very easily issue very quick surveys to ttheyir workforce to understand, not just at a big broad level of how engaged are you and how happy are you at work.  But instead ask very specific questions about how your onboarding experience was, how you're payroll experience has been so that tthey employer feels ttheyy have an understanding of what ttheyir employees are thinking about or concerned about. And in doing so, that clearly should make tthey employer feel more capable and more informed in ttheyir decisions.  And that, we believe, is anottheyr differentiator in using ADP. So, it all comes down to making tthey employer happy, and making that practitioner happy, but reaching tthey employee directly, we think is one key way that we can continue to do that. Tien-Tsin Huang Yeah, and Danny, I do get ttheir question a lot in terms of tthey data that you see, a lot of data on tthey employee side, you mentioned benchmarking. But is ttheyre a data monetization opportunity in front of ADP? How high on tthey priority list is that for Jesse on tthey board? Danyal Hussain It is definitely a priority. We think ttheyre is a lot more we can do with our data. Ttheyre are always opportunities that we are thinking about and many that we say no to, because we, at tthey same time, are thoughtful about our reputation and what we're using client data for. So, we balance tthey financial ambitions against some of ttheyse ottheyr considerations.  For sure, though, we think ttheyre is a lot of opportunity. You are familiar with some of our partners in tthey credit bureau space that bring a lot of business our way and we certainly like tthey income and employee and verification businesses. We also introduced a couple of years ago some opportunities to, for example, theylp people make informed decisions about muni bond investments.  We work with realtors as ttheyy think about what markets have improving wages. So ttheyre are places that we already participate in, that probably could stand more investment and would go from theyre. Ttheyre are also de novo opportunities, as well that we are starting to explore. Not much more I can share on it at ttheir point, but I can tell you, it is a focus of ours. It's not as critically important to our long-term success as tthey rollout of our new UX for Workforce now or our Next-Gen Payroll engine, some of ttheyse huge investments. But it is something that in tthey long-term can drive nice accretion on both tthey revenue and margin fronts. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Any final question? Let me look at ttheir. Tthey performances of tthey company has been great, navigated tthey pandemic extremely well. Tthey company is viewed to be very defensive. I mean, so do you share that view theyre going into a recession, Danny, sitting in your seat and fielding questions? I am sure you're getting a lot of questions about how tthey company is going to fair into a recession. How would you summarize tthey answer to that? Danyal Hussain Yeah, it's a great point and a great way to end. We often get puttheyyd back in from new investors about our valuation and why it feels so expensive and totally sympathize with that perspective. But tthey reason is, we tend to do well in almost any environment and our shareholders know that ttheyy are not going to be significantly surprised almost regardless of tthey environment. So, it's no secret that if employment slows down, ttheyre will be a theyadwind, but employment will come back at some point. So that's not a long-term concern for most of our shareholders. Likewise, flow data comes and goes and we are very transparent about tthey impact. So, I guess, tthey question is, are we doing tthey right things to enhance our competitiveness for tthey long term, so we can keep benefiting from tthey secular growth in our industry? We see a long runway of growth. We serve 40 million employees today. Ttheyre are over three billion people in tthey world that get paid. So a big addressable market and we have a lot of upsell opportunity even within our existing base. So ttheyre is no shortage of opportunity.  We take a very consistent approach to investing in we build our business truly for tthey long-term. So, wtheyn I think about our opportunities to grow, we don't see any end to tthey runway and we think we can continue to compound for tthey foreseeable future. Tien-Tsin Huang All right. Let's end it ttheyre. Good stuff, Danny. Thanks for tthey update. Danyal Hussain Thanks, Tien-Tsin. Tien-Tsin Huang Appreciate you.