Automatic Data Processing Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 26, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Carlos Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer Joshua Black - President Don McGuire - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank David Togut - Evercore ISI Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Samad Samana - Jefferies Bryan Bergin - Cowen Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays Mark Marcon - Baird Eugene Sumuni - MoffetNathanson James Faucette - Morgan Stanley  Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Operator Good morning. My name is Noah and I’ll be your conference Operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP’s second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call.  I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during ttheir time, simply press star ttheyn tthey number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, press tthey pound key. Thank you. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you Noah and welcome everyone to ADP’s second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our CEO, and Don McGuire, our CFO. Also joining us for Q&A is Joshua Black, President of ADP.  Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC’s website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today’s call.  During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures which we believe to be useful to investors and that excludes tthey impacts of certain items. A description of ttheyse items, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to ttheyir most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. With that, let me turn it over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you Dany, and thank you everyone for joining our call.  We’re pleased to have delivered strong second quarter results, including 9% revenue growth, 20 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion, and a 9% increase in adjusted diluted EPS, all atheyad of our expectations. It remains a very dynamic and challenging business environment for our clients and prospects, but we believe tthey value of working with a trusted ACM partner with more than seven years of expertise is more compelling than ever, and we see evidence of ttheir reflected in our continued sales momentum as well as our very high levels of client satisfaction and retention, which continue to drive upside to our results. As usual, let me start with some highlights from tthey quarter. Our employers services new business booking results were strong despite tthey onset of tthey omicron variant at tthey end of tthey quarter. We experienced a record Q2 booking level and like Q1, we were pleased to be atheyad of pre-pandemic sales productivity levels. We experienced robust double-digit growth in nearly every one of our ES businesses, and as we saw earlier in tthey year, we experienced every stronger performance in our PEO segment, wtheyre demand is especially robust. As we outlined at our November investor day, tthey pandemic and tthey dynamic macroeconomic environment have made running HR more challenging for our clients. Today our clients navigate a tight labor market across ttheyir organizations, higtheyr than usual worker turnover, new legislative requirements, and in many cases staffing challenges specifically within ttheyir payroll and HR departments.  Tthey strong broad-based demand across our ES and PEO segments reflect tthey fact that clients of all sizes are increasingly looking for greater levels of assistance and expertise to theylp address ttheyir needs, in some cases seeking our intuitive yet compretheynsive software offerings while in ottheyr cases seeking a more fully outsourced solution. We believe we provide extraordinary value through all business environments, and today’s environment supports a continuation of a positive decades-long secular trend in global HCM. Moving onto employer services retention, we are pleased to have experienced continued strength. Although our retention in tthey quarter did decline very slightly versus last year’s elevated level, it declined by less than we had anticipated and would have represented a record Q2 if you were to exclude last year’s pandemic impacted retention levels. With overall client satisfaction once again reaching a record level ttheir quarter, ttheir strong retention is not surprising to us. Moreover, early January results look strong, giving us greater confidence for tthey rest of tthey year, and we are pleased to be raising our retention guidance once again. Our ES pays per control metric came in slightly better than expected at 6% growth in tthey quarter. We are very pleased to see tthey U.S. unemployment rate back below 4%, which reflects tthey U.S. economy’s ongoing improvement and resulting strong demand for workers. Meanwhile, labor force participation is gradually recovering and as it does, we should continue to benefit from higtheyr than usual pays per control growth. Over tthey first half of tthey fiscal year, we’ve tracked atheyad of our expectations and are now raising our pays per control outlook for tthey full year.  In tthey second quarter, our PEO had stellar performance once again and was well atheyad of our expectations with 15% revenue growth and 16% average worksite employee growth, representing acceleration from last quarter despite a slightly harder growth comparison. Across tthey board strength in our PEO continues to be driven by several factors, including better than expected retention and bookings contributing to client growth, better than expected hiring within tthey PEO client base, furttheyr adding to worksite employee growth, and better than expected wage levels furttheyr adding to revenue growth. While some of ttheyse tailwinds will normalize over time, we remain very confident in tthey outlook of our PEO business over tthey coming years.  During our November investor day, we also outlined key aspects of our growth strategy by product and by business unit, and we are confident about sustaining theyalthy growth in our fast-growing businesses and optimistic about accelerating our growth in our businesses that continue to transition to our most modern offerings. One aspect of our growth strategy that we discussed is an overall greater focus on marketing, which we believe will allow us to better activate our existing scale distribution. We believe at ADP, we can deliver a lot of incremental value from tactical investments, and we look forward to sharing more in tthey very near future. One key product initiative we talked about during investor day that cuts across our businesses is tthey development of a new unified user experience, and in tthey second quarter we were pleased to have made furttheyr progress on ttheir effort. As a reminder, we shared last quarter that we moved our Run client base over to tthey new ADP UX, and now only a quarter in, early indicators suggest that clients are in fact finding it more intuitive, resulting in fewer client service contacts.  In Europe, we have been gradually transitioning our client base over to our award-winning IHCM platform, and in Q2 we seamlessly moved those clients over to tthey new ADP UX. We’re now very excited that just ttheir month, we began our pilot of tthey new ADP user experience for Workforce Now, which wtheyn coupled with our next gen payroll engine makes for an even more differentiated offering for what is already a market-leading HCM solution in ttheir target market. In terms of a few ottheyr highlights, I’m pleased to share that we reactheyd a new milestone by running 1 million pay slips for a single client on a single day for tthey first time. At tthey ottheyr end of tthey spectrum, our Roll mobile app, which serves tthey micro segment, continues to outperform our initial expectations. In anottheyr milestone in calendar 2021, tthey ADP mobile app had over 1 billion log-ins, highlighting tthey growing amount of direct engagement we have with employees and managers around tthey world. To that point, ttheir month our return to workplace mobile solution, part of tthey ADP mobile app, was awarded tthey Business Intelligence Group’s 2022 Big Innovation Award. As a final highlight, just ttheir week we launctheyd our bill pay feature in tthey Wisely app. Bill pay is free to Wisely users and fully integrated into tthey app, and has been a top requested feature from our user base. We believe ttheir addition will furttheyr drive engagement and retention, and we look forward to continuing to expand tthey Wisely ecosystem. Overall, Q2 represented a solid outcome on both tthey financial front as well as with respect to key strategic initiatives. I’d like to thank our associates who continue to deliver ttheyse exceptional products and outstanding service to our clients, and I’ll now turn tthey call over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you Carlos, and good morning everyone.  In tthey second quarter, we delivered 9% revenue growth on both a reported and organic constant currency basis. Our adjusted EBIT margin was up 20 basis points, better than planned, and supported by our better than expected revenue growth, offset partially by increased PEO pass-throughs and theyadcount growth in our implementation and service organizations. I’ll share more on ttheir last point wtheyn I discuss our outlook. Our tax rate was up slightly in tthey quarter versus last year, driven by tthey lapping of a one-time international tax benefit we experienced last year. Wtheyn including tthey benefit from share repurchases, we had a 9% increase in our adjusted diluted earnings per share.  Moving onto tthey segments, our employer services revenue increased 6% on a reported basis and 7% on an organic constant currency basis. In addition to tthey strong bookings, retention trends, and pays per control performance Carlos outlined, our client funds interest grew for tthey first time since tthey pandemic started as lower average yield was offset by a tremendous 28% balance growth. Ttheir growth included some benefit from tthey lapping of last year’s deferred employer social security taxes and incremental benefit from tthey repayment of a portion of those employers’ social security taxes, which togettheyr contributed several points of growth in addition to tthey already robust growth from higtheyr client count, employment growth, and higtheyr wages. Our ES margin increased 40 basis points, atheyad of our expectations for tthey quarter and supported by better than expected revenue performance.  Moving on, our PEO continued to deliver exceptional performance with 15% revenue growth in tthey quarter. Average worksite employees accelerated to 16% year-over-year growth and reactheyd 660,000 for tthey quarter. Key contributors were strong bookings and retention, as well as very theyalthy pays per control growth within tthey PEO client base. Revenues excluding zero-margin pass-throughs grew 18%, which was driven by worksite employee growth as well as higtheyr average wages and higtheyr SUI revenues per worksite employee. PEO margin was down 10 basis points in tthey quarter. Included in that figure was pressure from workers’ comp and SUI expenses due primarily to worker mix and wages.  Moving on to our updated outlook for tthey year, for ES revenues we are narrowing our guidance and now expect growth of about 6%, tthey upper end of our previous guidance range of 5% to 6%. Tthey primary drivers for our higtheyr outlook are tthey stronger Q2 performance, our higtheyr client funds interest outlook for tthey year, and higtheyr pays per control growth, partially offset by an expectation from incremental FX theyadwind in tthey back half of ttheir year on tthey recent strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar.  For our client funds interest revenue, we’re raising our outlook by $20 million to a range of $440 million to $450 million. Like last quarter, we’re raising our balance growth assumption meaningfully to now expect growth of 18% to 20%, wtheyreas our client funds yield expectation is unchanged despite tthey improvement in interest rates. Ttheir is primarily because our stronger than previously expected balance performance creates a temporary lag with greater short term investments before we purchase higtheyr yielding fixed rate securities. For U.S. pays per control, we’re raising our outlook by 1% to now expect 5% to 6% growth. We continue to expect that a gradual ongoing recovery in labor force participation will support job growth, and tthey first half of tthey year was a bit atheyad of expectations.  In addition to client funds and pays per control, we are raising our retention guidance slightly and now expect it to be down 40 basis points for tthey year. Although we still anticipate some normalization in client switching activity, trends so far ttheir year have been very positive, and January is looking like a continuation of that same strength. One thing we’re not changing at ttheir time is our ES booking guidance. As Carlos outlined, our Q2 performance was strong, but bookings is one place wtheyre tthey evolving pandemic conditions and tthey omicron variant has potential to create noise, as we saw at tthey outset of tthey pandemic. Although we haven’t seen a material impact at ttheir time, we still think it’s prudent to maintain a wide range of outcomes in our guidance. For our ES margin, we are making no change to our outlook of up 75 to 100 basis points. Although we are raising our revenue guidance and although some of that is coming from high margin revenues, like client funds interest and pays per control, at tthey same time we are now more fully caught up on implementation and service theyadcount after running a bit behind earlier ttheir year and late last year. Ttheir investment in implementation and service teams is critical both because tthey current year-end period is important to our clients and ttheyir employees, and also as we look to get atheyad of tthey needs of our growing client base. With tthey continued outperformance in retention, we’re now planning to grow our implementation and service teams slightly more than we had previously planned as we exit ttheir fiscal year.  In addition to ttheir growth in personnel, we also took one-time compensation actions across our organization in recognition of broader inflation trends in tthey market. Tthey incremental expenses associated with those actions are now included in our outlook. Although ttheir tight labor market has created its own set of challenges for most companies, we are very pleased to have been able to grow our organization as much as we did ttheyse past few months, and tthey wage increases we layered in give us confidence regarding our staffing levels at a busy time of year. We are also pleased to have been able to support those changes without detriment to our existing guidance ranges. Moving onto tthey PEO, following tthey strong first half trends in both client growth and worksite employee growth, we are now expecting average worksite employees to grow 13% to 15%, and we are likewise raising our guidance for PEO revenues and revenues excluding zero-margin pass-throughs by two percentage points each. Our outlook will continue to be sensitive to employment trends within our PEO client base, as well as bookings and retention performance, so although we are currently contemplating growth to be a bit lower in tthey back half of tthey year, we could continue to see upside if tthey current robust trends persist. For PEO margin, we are making no change to our guidance of flat to down 50 basis points for tthey year. Although we are raising our revenue guidance, we are at tthey same time expecting higtheyr SUI and workers’ comp expenses to create offsetting margin pressure. Putting it all togettheyr for our consolidated outlook, we now expect revenue to grow 8% to 9%. For adjusted EBIT margin, we continue to expect an increase of 50 to 75 basis points. As we shared earlier ttheir year, we expect our margin improvement to be concentrated in tthey fourth quarter and expect our margin to be down in Q3, particularly following tthey recent personnel growth and wage increases. We’re making no change to our tax rate assumption. With ttheyse changes, we now expect growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share of 12% to 14%.  Thank you, and I’ll now turn it back to Noah for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Keane with DB. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi guys, congrats on tthey results.  Just wanted to ask on tthey impact of omicron, especially in December and January. Is ttheyre any noticeable impact in sales or retention, or anything that you’d call out particularly from tthey rise that we’ve seen from tthey virus and omicron? Carlos Rodriguez I think you theyard from our prepared comments that tthey answer was no, but wtheyn you think about tthey way tthey quarter works, tthey omicron really started to pick up in, I would say, middle to last December in terms of my recollection. It’s really incredible how fast things have changed with ttheir, because now we’re back on tthey down slope in tthey norttheyast, it appears at least, in tthey U.S., so it’s pretty fast moving. But I would say that our answer is no, we didn’t see anything in tthey quarter that we just reported. Obviously we’re now in tthey next quarter and it’s kind of difficult to start talking about tthey next quarter, given we’re only, I think, three weeks into it, but you’ve seen probably multiple reports--I saw one ttheir morning in tthey Journal about, I think it was tthey IMF or someone kind of lowering global growth and so forth, and some of it is obviously a result of omicron, ttheyre’s probably ottheyr factors as well.  We do believe that we’re not immune from ttheyse kinds of things that ripple through tthey economy, including omicron, but tthey truth is we haven’t really seen a big impact yet. But if GDP growth--I think tthey GDP growth for tthey full calendar year, most people have kind of kept it in tthey same range, so I’m guessing that people have lowered ttheyir first quarter - talking about calendar quarters now - GDP growth forecasts slightly and probably increased, because I think it’s just a matter of pushing activity forward, because it does look like in a few weeks, things will start to, quote-unquote, normalize in at least a portion of tthey country, and ttheyn I think shortly ttheyreafter economic activity should be robust again, as was, I think, predicted by a bunch of economists. So anyway, that’s a long way of saying not really, not yet, but we’re always careful to not assume that we are somehow insulated completely from what happens in tthey overall economy. If people are traveling a little bit less, for example our own associate population, we proactively asked--we were already back in tthey process of getting people back into our offices, and we went back in tthey ottheyr direction for about a month or two. That just lowers economic activity - people aren’t driving as much, ttheyy’re not going to lunch in a local area, etc., and those things have a ripple effect through tthey economy, but no signs of any major decrease in demand or economic activity from our numbers yet. Bryan Keane Got it, that’s theylpful. Just as a follow-up, wanted to ask about tthey strength in tthey balance growth - I think it was up 22% last quarter, up 28% ttheir quarter. I don’t know if you guys look at how much inflation could be driving that number as well, and any ottheyr call-outs--I know you raised tthey guide ttheyre, but just surprised at tthey strength ttheyre. Don McGuire Yes, we have had some growth. Certainly wages were a little bit of that, but also as we said in tthey prepared remarks, tthey big driver was tthey lapping from last year with tthey deferral, so certainly tthey deferrals represented a few points in tthey growth of those balances in tthey quarter, although even tthey deferrals were only for a few number of days towards tthey end of tthey month of December.  Certainly we look at those, but as we said, we do expect tthey balance growth to continue and we expect it to be firm based on tthey pays per control and tthey increase in number of people working for our clients. I think that’s tthey biggest driver. Carlos Rodriguez And just in terms of a refrettheyyr, by deferrals, I think Don said in their remarks, ttheyre’s a social security tax deferral. Not everyone lives day to day like us, but it was a significant stimulus--part of tthey stimulus package, if you will, and those social security deferrals need to be repaid half--we just went through that, which is what theylped us in terms of tailwind on balances, and tthey ottheyr half is next December 31. That’s something maybe to pencil in which would provide some support to our balances next year as well. Bryan Keane Okay, thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David Togut Thank you, good morning. Could you unpack demand trends, looking at Run, Workforce Now, and Vantage HCM in tthey quarter and what’s embedded in your 12% to 16% ES bookings growth outlook?  As a follow-up, if you could comment on your recent announcement that you’re expanding Workforce Now with international functionality, what sort of traction do you expect to see ttheyre? Thanks. Joshua Black Yes, good morning, ttheir is Joshua. Thanks for tthey question, David, happy to comment on both. With respect to tthey overall performance in tthey quarter, as was stated in tthey prepared remarks, we had strong double-digit growth that did really go across our scaled offerings, specifically in tthey down market. We saw tthey strength in our Run platform, we saw tthey strength in our retirement solutions, definitely experienced strength in tthey Workforce Now platform. I’ll cover off on your second question as well as we get to tthey press release that we just issued. Additionally in tthey second quarter, we also saw strength in GlobalView, so very happy with our international contribution to tthey quarter, so that was really tthey strength across tthey double-digit growth that we saw in employer services. As it relates to tthey Workforce Now press release that I think we issued in tthey last couple days regarding tthey offer that now is on a global basis, tthey ability for our U.S.-based and Canadian-based companies to process payroll on tthey Workforce Now platform across multiple countries, in partnership with our Celergo offering. Very excited to have ttheir offering, as you could imagine. Over tthey course of tthey last decade but certainly in tthey last couple years, tthey ability for mid-market customers to really be able to support international employees on ttheyir end is a growing demand, and we’re pretty excited to be able to satisfy that demand with ttheir new offer. David Togut Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great, thanks so much. Carlos, I think you talked about improvement in retention against a still challenging environment overall. Can you maybe reconcile those comments a little bit because, all things equal, I would think tougtheyr environment, maybe you have a little bit more pressure from a client perspective. Can you unpack that a little bit? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think what we’ve been saying for probably a few quarters now, it’s really not--maybe tthey tougtheyr environment isn’t tthey right term. It’s tougtheyr comparisons, because our ttheysis was that we’d gotten some tailwind from tthey pandemic--ttheyre were a lot of tailwinds in a lot of areas, but one of ttheym was in retention. Ttheyre’s less clients switching, and on top of that, ttheyre was also lower bankruptcy rates in down market, wtheyre it’s a significant portion of tthey turnover of our clients is, quote-unquote, out of business, so all tthey government stimulus and all tthey low switching, I think really elevated our retention. At tthey same time, our NPS scores and client satisfaction and all tthey feedback we’re getting from clients was very, very strong, so frankly it’s difficult to separate tthey two, so we planned for some moderation in our retention as a result of those tailwinds because those tailwinds are going to go away. I think ttheyy’re economically driven, and we’ve seen a little bit of that in our down market. I think we’ve also kind of alluded to that, that despite our continuing strong retention, it’s kind of generally playing out tthey way we expected, which is our down market SBS is a little--is down a little bit over tthey previous year, but ottheyr parts obviously are holding up well, if not improving, and tthey net of that is better than we expected and better than we had planned. Tthey question is, are we going to be able to hold onto all of it? Our plan of course is to hold onto all of it, and that is why you saw in Don’s comments that we’re making sure we have tthey right levels of service, tthey right levels of implementation, because if we can achieve tthey forecast we have for retention for tthey year, which will be atheyad of what our plan and our expectations were, that has a meaningful impact on our long term growth and value creation for tthey company. Kevin McVeigh That’s very theylpful. Ttheyn I don’t know if ttheir would be Carlos or Don, but could you remind us tthey rate sensitivity, 25 basis points, what that means? Ttheyn I guess I was surprised to see tthey boost in tthey extended investment strategy, just given I thought ttheyre was a little bit more of a lag effect on that, so maybe just--because obviously it’s been so long, we’ve been in front of a rate cycle, but just tthey dynamics of client funds relative to extended investment. Don McGuire Yes, why don’t I start with tthey second question first on tthey rate environment and what that means for us. Generally speaking, as you know, wtheyn tthey fund balances increase rapidly, we have to invest in short term items or short term instruments until we have tthey opportunity to invest in longer term instruments, and as a result, we don’t see as much pick-up as we would like to see. But I can certainly give you some sensitivity with respect to if we had a 25 basis point improvement in tthey rates in our short term investments only, that would translate into about $9 million of EBIT on a 12-month basis, so not hugely significant. On tthey ottheyr hand, if we saw that both in tthey short and tthey intermediate term, that 25 basis points over a 12-month period would translate into about $23 million of impact before taxes, so certainly that becomes meaningful. As we look to invest those funds longer term and as rates continue to go in what we’d say--I guess what we’d say is a better direction, I think we have some opportunity in tthey future; but at ttheir point in time, we think that we’re not going to see a huge amount of improvement in tthey client fund interest over tthey balance of tthey second half. What we have talked about is in tthey forecast today. Carlos Rodriguez Kevin, could you clarify tthey question on tthey extended portion, wtheyre specifically you’re focused ttheyre? Kevin McVeigh I guess just tthey dynamics of tthey client funds interest revenue versus tthey extended investment strategy, what tthey timing difference is on those two in terms of wtheyn you’d see it, because obviously you saw a little bit of benefit from extended investment in term of tthey outlook, not as much on tthey client fund side, but is ttheyre a timing element to tthey extended versus tthey client funds. Carlos Rodriguez Well, if you’re talking about balance growth, tthey extended strategy balance growth is actually tied more to tthey volatility of cash flows on a year-to-year basis, so it has to do with our forecast of what our low balance is going to be in tthey year versus our average balance, which is a little bit different from tthey client funds forecast.  Long term, yes, tthey extended balance would grow kind of in line with tthey client funds balance growth, but on a short term, year-to-year basis, ttheyre’s a whole more noise. That is actually driving tthey difference more so than tthey lag effect. Tthey lag effect that Don was referring to has more to do with tthey growth in tthey client funds balances. Wtheyn tthey growth is particularly high, it’s often hard for us to reinvest quickly given tthey number of opportunities ttheyre are in tthey market and so forth for tthey type of credit quality that we’re seeking, but we within a couple quarters can catch up, so it’s just a question of how quickly we can deploy those additional funds. I think tthey short answer is tthey net impact from our strategy, because ttheyre’s also a re-classing issue in terms of how we do it, in terms of accounting and so forth, so I think tthey right way to look at it is really what’s happening with yields, what’s happening with--overall, what’s happening with balance growth, and ttheyn what’s tthey net impact of our strategy, of our client fund strategy. I think on that front, tthey short answer is it’s looking pretty good. Just as an example, our Q1 re-investments were at about a 1% yield, so new purchases, and in Q2 ttheyy were 1.5%, so it’s been--you see tthey same thing we’ve seen. Tthey moves in tthey two-years and tthey five-years are even more significant than tthey 10-years and so forth, so for us it’s tthey--you know, wtheyn we talk long, our version of long is three, five, seven, not beyond that, just because of tthey way we invest our portfolio, and on that front, you could not have a better environment in terms of wage inflation, balance growth and increases in interest rates. I would say we’re not ready to say anything yet about ’23 and ’24, but all ttheir--ttheyre’s a lot of talk about mechanics in tthey short term or whatnot, because I know a lot of people are focused on tthey short term, but we’re more long term oriented and we could be in theyre for a multi-year tailwind finally from client funds interest in a meaningful way. Kevin McVeigh You’re going to have a high class margin problem, Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, listen - I’ve been waiting 10 years. I had hair wtheyn I started as CEO, and I remember telling tthey treasurer at tthey time, rates have to go up next year, and ttheyn next year I said rates have to go up next year, and theyre we are. But ttheir time, dammit, I’m right! Kevin McVeigh Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-tsin Huang Thanks so much guys, good morning. Really good results, better base control, looking at better retention, in-line bookings, raising balance growth, and all that good stuff. I think of all of ttheyse as positive forces for margin expansion, right, so you’re keeping tthey margin tthey same, so is that just a function of tthey costs you discussed, or is that some conservatism as well? Just trying to better understand that. Carlos Rodriguez Well if tthey question is about conservatism, I’ll let Don handle it. Tien-tsin Huang Thank you. Thank you Carlos. Don McGuire Yes, so I think tthey answer is that we have got a pretty reasonable forecast in front of us, so I think we’re not being terribly conservative. But I think what you should consider, though, is that we raised our revenue by $150 million from tthey prior--from tthey prior forecast, and we’ve also raised our expenses by $115 million. If you start to break down those expenses, that $115 million of expense increase, you come pretty quickly to PEO pass-throughs - we had $48 million of that, so $48 million of that expense increase is really having a bit of a drag on our margins. Ottheyrwise, I think our margins clearly would be better, but that’s really what’s preventing us, and that’s tthey reason we haven’t been able to do more on tthey margins. But I do think that all in, we’ve done a really good job of baking things into our guidance and firming up tthey expectations we set. Tien-tsin Huang No, for sure. It’s very good. Carlos Rodriguez Just one ottheyr thing, I think we should also add to your point in terms of tone, we want to make sure we’re clear theyre that we’re not insulated from tthey world. Ttheyre is no question that ttheyre is pressure on costs, particularly around wages, and we are a technology services company so we have costs around R&D and so forth. We also have costs around tthey service side of our business, and you’ve theyard in tthey prepared comments that Don mentioned that we’ve taken some actions that are what I’d call mid-cycle, so not tthey typical annual wage increases, because we felt we needed to do something to make sure that we theyld onto our people and that we were attracting tthey right kinds of people, so we are doing some things. Now, tthey good news on tthey ottheyr side of that coin, which I’m assuming will come up later as a question but may as well address it now, like some ottheyr industries but not every ottheyr industry, we do have a fair amount of, and tthey industry has shown, demonstrated theirtorically and, I think, ttheyre are some recent signs from competitors that pricing is more elastic than in many industries. Ttheir is not a commodity business, and ttheyre’s a fair amount of room. Tthey problem is you have to exercise that room very carefully because you want to remain competitive, and on and on and on. You’ve theyard that story from us for many years too, that we really want to win in tthey market, we want higtheyr retention rates, so we can’t just go around willy-nilly passing through price increases, but tthey fact is we can and we will if it’s driven by market forces and cost increases that are experienced across tthey board. We’re confident that our competitors will do tthey same thing, and some of ttheym already are.  Tien-tsin Huang You answered my follow-up on pricing. Thank you Carlos. Thank you Don.  Operator Our next question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to maybe circle back to tthey PEO business and tthey strength ttheyre, it continues to perform really well. I was curious, can you remind us, wtheyn we think about tthey source of new bookings for PEO, how much of it is new to ADP for tthey first time versus conversions of potential existing customers in tthey SMB side of tthey base that you’re up-selling over to PEO? How should we think about tthey source of new bookings? Carlos Rodriguez I think it’s been pretty consistent for a long time at around 50%, right? Joshua Black That’s right. Carlos Rodriguez It’s about half, that we kind of mine our own. It’s a combination of mining our own clients, but we also mine our own sales force. Our sales force is able to bring in obviously new clients straight onto tthey PEO, but we also have a very large installed base that, as you alluded to, we mine. I think it’s 50/50, if I’m not mistaken. It hasn’t really changed that much over tthey years. Samad Samana Great, that’s theylpful. Ttheyn as I think about tthey consolidation of tthey base onto one UI, ttheyre’s clear user benefits to that, but how should we think about maybe--is ttheyre a tailwind to that on tthey gross margin side as more and more of tthey base is on a single UI from, I guess, a service or a maintenance standpoint in terms of spend going forward, and how should we think about that unfolding on tthey gross margin line? Carlos Rodriguez I think that’s a fair point - ttheyre’s a lot of things that we do that are intended to really, quote-unquote, standardize and to be able to get leverage, and ttheir is clearly one of those wtheyre--you know, ADP theirtorically was a little bit more fragmented in terms of our R&D, and we’ve been, starting with my predecessor, I think trying to become more unified, etc., and tthey user experience is one of those places wtheyre ttheyre was an obvious opportunity that I think will make us better competitively and allow us to invest our money more efficiently, and ttheyre clearly is some back end benefit to that from a margin standpoint. But I would say I’d be--I don’t think it would be true to say that that was tthey primary driver. Ttheyre’s got to be some residual theylp from a margin standpoint and from an efficiency standpoint, but ttheir is really about winning, about having tthey best products and having tthey best face to tthey market in terms of our--tthey best skin, if you will, on each of our products. It makes a difference, as you know.  We get it, we’re a technology company now, and it matters a lot tthey experience that our--and it’s not just our clients. It used to be 20, 30 years ago, it was only tthey clients. Now tthey employees of our clients are obviously touching and interacting with our products, especially with tthey mobile app, and ttheir user experience stuff matters a lot in terms of engagement. Samad Samana Great, theylpful. Congratulations on tthey solid results.  Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning, thank you. First, I want to follow up on retention. Can you dig in a little bit more about tthey underlying drivers, so out of business closures versus competitive switching behaviors? Wtheyn you think about tthey 40 basis point year-over-year decline you forecasted, how much is due to a pick-up in that closure rate versus competitive losses? Carlos Rodriguez Almost all of it is in tthey down market and related to normalization of economic factors, like closure rates. I don’t know that closure rate is tthey right word, but that’s one of tthey--that’s in that category, what we call--we track uncontrollable losses and controllable losses. Controllable losses would be around service and product, etc.; uncontrollable is tthey obvious, like bankruptcies, out of business, etc.  What happened during tthey pandemic, it wasn’t just that bankruptcies went down. All tthey categories of uncontrollable losses went down, and ttheyre has been some normalization of that, not all tthey way back to pre-pandemic, but I would say that ttheyre’s really nothing that you could read into tthey numbers to tell you anything ottheyr than we have fantastic service, solid NPS scores, but ttheyre is some normalization in categories, specifically more down market. Everywtheyre else, I think our retention rates are good to improving and solid, and in many cases better than prior years.  We have less tolerance in those ottheyr businesses because ttheyy’re not as economically sensitive, so we have less tolerance for tthey excuse that ttheyre’s going to be normalization ttheyre, because we now have a taste of what’s possible in retention in tthey mid-market and in international and in--although international has been strong all along and in tthey up-market, and we just want to maintain those retention levels. But it would be foolish in tthey down market to assume that ttheyre won’t be some economic factors and normalization - that’s what you see reflected in our forecast. Bryan Bergin Okay, makes sense. Ttheyn just on tthey PEO strength, so tthey sequential increase in worksite employees was really notable theyre. Can you just dig in a little bit more? I theyard better units, so better retention, better bookings, but does seem like ttheyre’s been a release or a tipping point theyre around clients converting to ttheir model. Can you just talk about that?  Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think that--we’re thrilled, just to be clear, but let me just give you a few, back to ttheyse comparisons in tthey pandemic and noise. Part of our theyadwind in tthey PEO sales, which by tthey way we’re positive and we’re good, but not as good as ES last year. I think we shared a little bit of color ttheyre that tthey average client size sold had come down a little bit, wages weren’t growing that much, so all of those things have an impact more on tthey PEO than ttheyy do in ES, particularly in some of tthey ES units.  Those things have all turned in tthey ottheyr direction now, so tthey average size client is bigger in terms of clients sold, and that is meaningful, and ttheyn you have wage growth which flows through tthey PEO. It doesn’t flow through ES because tthey billing is not as a percent of wages, wtheyreas in tthey PEO it is, and so we do have a number of tailwinds that are also theylping. But tthey most important thing, which is maybe what you’re alluding to, is tthey average worksite employee growth, which kind of cuts through tthey inflation and tthey wage growth and all that, and that’s also robust but that’s getting assistance, like I just mentioned, from average size client being a little bit bigger in terms of new business bookings. Again, that’s great news, but it’s a little bit of a normalization because it’s actually back now, so it went down from wtheyre it was pre-pandemic, and now it’s back up about to wtheyre it was pre-pandemic, and hopefully, you know, you get 1% to 2% growth going forward, but right now it’s more than just 1% to 2% growth.  Bryan Bergin Okay, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi ttheyre, thanks for taking my question today. I wanted to ask you about your HCM products and tthey cross-sell opportunity into your base of payroll customers, sort of an update in terms of wtheyre you are ttheyre and wtheyttheyr you could potentially accelerate that process. Joshua Black Yes, so happy to comment on our HCM products and how our sellers go to market to drive tthey combination of new business bookings between new logos as well as add-on business, our HCM products from an attactheyd perspective. As you can imagine, a lot of tthey investments that we’ve spoken about for several years in existing products, a lot of tthey investments that we’re making into our existing platforms - we just talked about tthey new UF and tthey impact that’s making in our down market and will continue to make, coupled with tthey investments that we’re making into our next gen products, are all investments that are anchored in a belief that we can continue to expand tthey offerings to our existing clients as well as new clients. Excited about tthey execution on each one of ttheyse initiatives and tthey impact that it will make to our bookings and tthey mix of bookings between new logos and HCM products attactheyd. Carlos Rodriguez Our attach rates in general are pretty good, particularly in some categories like--we said ttheir before, like our workforce management, we used to call it time and labor, those products tend to have high attach rates, and ottheyrs have high attach rates, ottheyrs have low attach rates. I think part of our opportunity for whatever tthey years to come is to not only sell new logos, which we’re now obsessed about because we want to grow market share, but share of wallet is a huge opportunity for us. Tthey fact is, we have very low-ish penetration still in many of our categories and many of our products.  Ramsey El-Assal Interesting, okay. Thank you for that. A follow-up for me is on M&A and balance ttheyyet deployment theyre. Obviously a lot of tthey valuation multiples in tthey sector have pulled in quite a bit. I don’t know if tthey environment has created a situation wtheyre maybe you had a shopping list, a dream shopping list that maybe now you can go after that you couldn’t before. But maybe an update on wtheyttheyr--you know, on your capital allocation and specifically as it relates to M&A plans would be theylpful. Don McGuire Yes, I think that ttheyre’s always things flowing across everybody’s desk and evaluations being done of opportunities, etc. While it’s true that tthey last few weeks haven’t been kind to some companies, I don’t we’ve really changed our objectives, and our objective is to make sure that anything that we seriously consider and we pursue has to fit tthey portfolio, so wtheyttheyr it’s--it just has to be eittheyr a geography extension of what we currently have or it has to be something that’s filling a product nicthey, and so we’re going to continue to work by those guidelines, if you will. If things become more affordable and something falls into those categories, certainly we’ll take tthey opportunity to look more seriously or to look a bit harder than we might have, say, three or four months ago. I don’t know, Carlos, if you want to expand on that? Carlos Rodriguez No, all I was thinking was that in some cases, if people pay us, we’ll buy ttheyir companies.  Ramsey El-Assal All right, fantastic. I appreciate it. Thanks so much. Carlos Rodriguez And ttheyn we can clean ttheym up. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Good morning everybody, and congratulations on tthey quarter. I was wondering, could you give us a couple of updates with regards to some of tthey products? In terms of next generation pay, to what extent has that been furttheyr rolled out? What’s tthey update ttheyre? Carlos Rodriguez I would say we had a really good, I think, first--I would call it year end, because wtheyn you get to tthey midmarket, which is next gen pay, as you know right now is really being sold in a portion of what we call tthey core part of tthey midmarket, so call it 50 to 150, and I think we’re at--we’re selling somewtheyre between 20%, 25% of our clients, of our new businesses coming in on tthey new platform, and we expect to be GA, I think it’s end of calendar-- Joshua Black Ttheir calendar year, that’s right. Carlos Rodriguez End of calendar year, so that’s kind of what we talked about at investor day. I would say that, call it December-January sales season, because a lot of those clients, ttheyy want to start clean on January 1, so it’s a fairly important point of tthey year in terms of judging wtheyre you are in terms of sales results and so forth, and we had a fairly good, I think, number of starts. We were happy, I would say, with tthey early January, late December, what I would starts results - in ottheyr words, those are clients that we sold previously, that we got started and we have up and running.  We try and avoid getting into specifics of how many clients, because ttheyn every quarter you guys are going to ask us, but I’d say that that’s going really well and we’re on track for ttheir GA by tthey end of tthey calendar quarter, and ttheyn we had a good start season for end of December, beginning of January. Mark Marcon That’s great. Ttheyn it sounds like--you know, one of tthey early comments that you gave, Carlos, was highlighting just tthey breadth, talking about how Roll is doing on tthey low end and ttheyn also mentioning that at one client, you had a million transactions in a single day, which is obviously impressive. Can you just give us a sense for in terms of Roll, how much is that--now that you’ve had some experience with it, how much more excited are you about that possibility and penetrating that micro part of tthey market? Ttheyn on tthey flipside, with tthey capabilities of being able to service companies globally and at huge scale, how does that expand tthey top end of tthey market? Carlos Rodriguez As you know, we’re a little bit different than most in tthey sense that we’re 100% all-in on HCM, and we cut across multiple segments and also geography, so that makes us a little bit unique, so you have to get excited within segment because--like, Roll is really exciting and we’re excited about that opportunity, but that is in that micro segment because if you take tthey ottheyr extreme example of that ottheyr client, like wtheyn we process a million--that client obviously has a million employees, and we processed ttheyir payroll and we processed a million payctheycks on one day. That’s a lot of small Roll clients to make up for that. Ttheyy’re excited about that, but Roll is excited about its role in tthey growth of ADP and in tthey marketplace in terms of our ability to compete and to create opportunities for us. It’s a little hard to compare. I guess it’s like wtheyn you have multiple children, you have to love ttheym all and ttheyy’re all good looking and smart and so forth, and I think that’s tthey way I feel about Roll in tthey down market versus tthey up market versus GlobalView. Ttheyy really are all, I think, performing quite well now, and I think we’re excited about tthey opportunity in each of those market segments.  I’m trying not to give you a non-answer answer, but I think--I’m trying my hardest to give you something concrete, but it’s exciting because ttheyse are all--I mean, tthey growth rate, Dany won’t allow me to say it because as we were preparing for tthey call, if we were a start-up, we would be quoting growth rates for Roll that would make your eyes roll, but Dany won’t let me say it because it’s really, frankly, insignificant to a $15 billion company today, but it won’t be insignificant in five or 10 years. Mark Marcon I guess that’s what I was getting at, was on tthey--for example, in terms of Roll, wtheyn you first introduced it, you talked about it in a more modest manner, but it sounds like it’s getting really good traction, so I was just wondering if ttheyre was some way to capture how you’re thinking about how big that could eventually be.  Carlos Rodriguez It’s definitely getting good traction. We’re definitely excited about it, but again you shouldn’t over--I’m not trying to over-play it because we have a very large organization, and you guys need to think about how all tthey pieces fit togettheyr, so that it fits into our forecast. Just from a dollar impact, I hate to go back to that, that product and that segment competes against certain competitors. We feel pretty good about what we’re going to be able to do ttheyre in terms of market share and growth, etc., but you should not be thinking about ttheir as something that’s going to move ADP’s growth rate by one to two percentage points on tthey top line in tthey next year or two. That’s just not tthey way tthey math works. I wish it did. All of ttheyse things have to work togettheyr - next gen payroll, next gen HCM, Roll, GlobalView, Celergo. Ttheyre are a lot of things - PEO - that have to come togettheyr for us to get to tthey numbers, and we like that. We’re, I think, a portfolio that, as you’ve seen, we manage pretty effectively, and tthey combination of all of those businesses having good success, some more than ottheyrs at times, I think leads to tthey results that we are reporting and forecasting. Mark Marcon Appreciate that, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni with MoffetNathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Sumuni Thank you, good morning. Congrats on anottheyr strong quarter, guys. Wanted to ask about Wisely and your general personal finance product strategy. You highlighted tthey bill pay offering in your prepared remarks. Can you just remind us what are tthey next big milestones for ttheir overall strategy, and I know it’s a small part of your portfolio, but will you at some point maybe start providing some metrics that can theylp us track tthey growth of ttheir area like some businesses like that provide, such as number of cardholders, frequency of transactions, tthey amount spent, and so on? Thank you. Joshua Black Yes, so happy to comment on tthey overall Wisely product strategy and wtheyre we’re theyading with tthey opportunity - it’s incredibly exciting for us, and ttheyn we can talk through what those metrics could be to give some solid basis of growth over time.  As it relates to tthey overall MyWisely app and tthey strategy we have within tthey Wisely portfolio, it is really a strategy that is anchored in financial management. That financial management in tthey app happens through education, budgeting, savings tools, rewards. What you theyard today, which you just mentioned as well, which is tthey launch of our bill pay feature, we believe is significant. It’s exactly what we all probably use with respect to any type of an online bill pay, wtheyre you can scan tthey ctheyck and actually facilitate end-to-end bill processing through a mobile device, so that is all part of tthey MyWisely app and tthey overall financial management strategy - think financial wellness, etc. that we’ve employed.  In addition to that, tthey ottheyr thing that’s forthcoming is tthey launch of our early wage access, our EWA as we refer to it, which is really that ability for our clients’ employees or employees to gain access to wages that ttheyy’ve earned as ttheyy earn ttheym, so ttheir is also a big piece to tthey overall equation with respect to tthey overall Wisely. Things that we’re monitoring actively right now, back to tthey question around how many cardholders, etc., certainly we’re looking at that. We’re looking at ottheyr types of what type of cardholders are using what feature functionality. Ttheyre is some data that you could look at as it relates to how many reviews we have on tthey app, tthey quality of tthey app certainly supersedes some of tthey competition in tthey space. We’re pretty proud of tthey impact that our financial wellness tool, MyWisely app is creating in tthey market. I’ll let Dany or Carlos comment on cardholder tracking and wtheyn and if we’ll disclose that. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think we’ll--I mean, that’s a takeaway for us. We’ll see if ttheyre’s something else that we--I mean, we’re always open to suggestions and trying to be open-minded about disclosure, but again, ttheir is not tthey same as tthey conversation about Roll, but as excited as we are about Wisely, we’re equally excited about things like Roll, and Wisely is much bigger than Roll. But again, relative--I hate to be a broken record, relative to tthey size of ADP, it wouldn’t be at tthey top of tthey list of tthey things that are going to drive tthey overall results, because again, a portfolio of so many different things that have to go right and that we have to get right in order to get growth on $15 billion. I think that business is probably--I’m trying to do tthey math in my theyad, it’s like 2%, 3% or smaller in terms of total--actually smaller than that, even, in terms of revenue. By tthey way, we want that, and it is growing faster than tthey line average. All tthey things you’re asking about are relevant, and those things would all theylp tthey overall growth rate of ADP, but it would be misleading--because I think ottheyrs might have done that, wtheyre ttheyy make a bigger deal out of it than it really is, and maybe relative to ttheyir companies it is a big deal.  Relative to us, we have lots of ottheyr things that we have to do and that have to go right, and us trying to pretend that--you know, if we tell you ttheir is how much we get per card and ttheyn we start giving you math that if 100% of our clients got on tthey card, ttheir is how much money we would have - I mean, we don’t need to do that, because that’s just distracting and silly, because first of all, it’s not going to happen, we’re not going to get 100 overnight, and it could take some time anyway. But we will take that away and think about what, if anything, we can do to give you a little more substance around progress around Wisely, because it’s exciting and we’re happy about it, but it’s not--ttheyre are ottheyr parts of our disclosure that would give you more indications like tthey things we’ve been talking about - pays per control, new business bookings, all those things overall are bigger drivers of our results. Eugene Sumuni Got it, thank you very much, guys. Operator Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. James Faucette Thank you very much, and good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to talk just a little bit about, or ask about strategy. In tthey past, you’ve mentioned customer service capabilities being a differentiator related to SaaS players. How should we think about tthey persistence of differentiated service levels as your own AI capability grows in importance and we look at tthey future of self service initiatives may cause your own services and service levels to look more like traditional SaaS players? I guess I’m just wondering how we should be thinking about that strategically and what tthey implications are in tthey business. I recognize it probably fits well within a few of your most recent comments, like it takes a while to move tthey needle, but would love to get a sense of wtheyre you think you’re going in those areas. Carlos Rodriguez It’s a great question because we--that’s a topic that comes up not just among tthey management team, but also from tthey board, because we clearly see tthey opportunity ttheyre. Again, we have a couple of advantages coming out of tthey gate, like we obviously have a lot of data, so we have a lot of information that can be used to provide, I think, more automated, if you will, wtheyttheyr it’s AI, machine learning, whatever term you want to use for it. You have to have information to be able to ttheyn monetize that or turn it into a value-add for tthey clients, which ttheyn can be monetized.  We spent a fair amount of time on that. We’ve actually recently appointed someone to be our chief data officer, who is kind of overseeing and owning all of our data and ttheyn how we can marshal those resources to create tthey kinds of advantages that you’re talking about, which are really advantages for our clients so that we can be able to hold onto ttheym longer, sell ttheym more things, etc. Everything from tthey simplest things, like chat bots to real true AI, I think are things that we have already deployed and I think are in tthey process of growing and scaling, if you will, to take advantage of, and I think some of those you’ve seen around press releases, and we talked about some of ttheym on investor day, but clearly ttheyre’s a lot more opportunity in front of us that we’ve already done in that area. I would say that that’s a great question and a substantial opportunity for us, that to tthey previous point about disclosure, we have to find a better way of giving more guidance or more disclosure around how that’s going and how it’s being leveraged, because it’s going to be meaningful, I think, over tthey next five to 10 years for ADP. James Faucette That’s great, appreciate it Carlos. Operator We have time for one more question. That question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Kupferberg Thanks guys. I just wanted to start with tthey EPS guidance for fiscal ’22 - I guess we’re going up 1% at tthey midpoint, so call it $0.06. Just breaking that down, it looks like tthey raise in tthey float income expectations is about $0.04 of that, and presumably tthey rest [indiscernible] revenue outlook. I just wanted to see if that math is correct. Carlos Rodriguez That sounds pretty good. I think that tthey ttheyme--wtheyttheyr that’s exactly right or not, tthey ttheyme you should theyar is--I mean, it’s maybe a bad thing to end tthey call with, but you should understand that tthey second--we are investing, and ttheir is not tthey first time you’ve theyard ttheir from ADP. Tthey opportunity in front of us is big, like our bookings are growing, tthey economy is growing robustly despite tthey noise in terms of tthey stock market and so forth. Ttheir is a really good environment for us, and so we are preparing ourselves, and you should expect that that is going to lead to long term improvement in, hopefully, our growth rates and in our margins and so forth.  Just don’t get distracted by tthey short term noise, because I think if tthey implication is it doesn’t seem like we raised tthey rest of whatever profit by much, tthey answer is you’re probably right, but it’s all tthey things we’ve been talking about during tthey call, which is we’re making sure that we keep up with tthey market in terms of wage growth, but we have price levers that we haven’t necessarily hit yet because we’re not a panicky company. We’re not going to tomorrow do an unplanned price increase to our base, but we have times that are natural and normal wtheyre we will do that, but we’re not going to wait to take action on wages and hiring and so forth until we get ttheyre, because that doesn’t make sense. We’re not some schleppy little company that needs to panic, so we’re going to do tthey right things and if ttheyre’s a timing, missed timing by a quarter or two, so be it.  We think it’s still pretty damn good. Wtheyn you think about tthey inflationary pressures we have and tthey fact that we’re still able to deliver tthey results that we are delivering and able to grow tthey way we’re delivering, we’re pretty damn proud of it. But admittedly, we’re feeling more pressure on tthey expenses now than we definitely felt, call it 18 months ago, right? It’s tthey opposite, and ttheir is what happens in, quote-unquote comparisons, and wtheyn, you quote-unquote lap things and all that stuff that you guys like to look at. Tthey pandemic hit and our expenses went down because we were very careful and very frugal and very stingy in terms of hiring and so forth, and our revenues never came down as much as everyone thought and as we thought, and we now have to go back up and make sure that we’re staffed, and at tthey same time wages started to increase and we have to now factor that into tthey picture. But we’re feeling pretty damn good about our execution and how we’re doing, but that is tthey way tthey numbers add up, is tthey way you described it. Jason Kupferberg Okay, those are all good points. Just last one from me, I wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit on tthey competitive landscape, just what you’re seeing down market, midmarket, enterprise-wide. Interested in just any changes in tthey mix or tthey aggressiveness of any competitors across tthey spectrum. Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez Again, because we compete in so many different segments, ttheyre’s not--I don’t think ttheyre’s a broad sweep--I mean, some of our competitors only compete with us in one segment, so it’s hard to make a sweeping statement ottheyr than I think it’s business as usual. That may not be very exciting, but I don’t see--I don’t know, Joshua, if you see any--ttheyre’s been no--I mean, I think wtheyn we look at our balance of trade, we’re pretty happy about a couple of people that we’ve been more focused on recently than maybe before, which we’re now doing better than before on. But as usual, ttheyre’s ottheyrs that are now gaining ground on us, but I’d say that tthey general environment is stable and--what is it, tthey rising tide lifts all boats? It feels like tthey industry overall has a lot of, I don’t know, growth opportunity and we’re all getting our fair share and trying to steal each ottheyr’s share, but it’s a good environment. I don’t know if you have any--? Joshua Black I concur. I would echo tthey sentiment on tthey overall HCM space and tthey environment, and I don’t think anything has materially changed. But we certainly intend to continue to win our fair share and more. Jason Kupferberg Okay, I appreciate that. Thanks guys. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Just back to tthey general economic conditions and what’s happening in tthey market and so forth, which is not something that we focus on, on a day-to-day basis, but tthey some of tthey things--we did have a little bit of a discussion and some questions on capital allocation, structure and so forth, that I would just--I can’t theylp but I’m obsessed with tthey dividend, and I love how no one asked about tthey dividend. Nobody cares about tthey dividend, but we may be entering an environment wtheyre it might matter again, so maybe someday I’ll get a question about tthey dividend, because I think we’re in our 47th year of consecutive increases in a dividend, and I think if you go back 10 years and you look at what our cost basis of tthey stock was and what tthey dividend yield, given today’s dividend, is on that cost basis five, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, 20 years ago, ttheir company is a money machine, and clearly capital gains are important too but tthey focus changes, obviously, as tthey market environment changes. Listen, I’m not wishing a downdraft in tthey market - it hurts us as much as it hurts anyone else, but I like wtheyre ADP is positioned competitively and I like wtheyre we’re positioned in terms of our balance ttheyyet, our dividend, and tthey way we allocate capital.  But tthey most important thing I’m proud of is our associates, because every quarter now as we get furttheyr away from--despite omicron and so forth, clearly we’re in a much better place than we were before. We would not be wtheyre we are today without our associates, and I mentioned how we were understaffed for sure in tthey early times of tthey pandemic, because we felt like we had to be careful on tthey expense side, and as we were being careful, tthey workloads were increasing because of all tthey government regulation issues that were intended to theylp - and ttheyy did, all of tthey stimulus, and ttheir was across tthey whole world. That created a ton of work for our people, of which we had fewer people, and I’m incredibly grateful and will forever be indebted for people stepping up and doing whatever it took to get our clients and get us through that difficult period. I’m so glad that we’re able to deliver on all of our commitments, because we were, I think, one important factor besides tthey Amazon trucks still running and ottheyr parts of tthey economy still functioning. I think we played a role in theylping tthey world economy, I think, get through tthey pandemic, and our associates deserve all tthey credit for tthey role ttheyy played. With that, I appreciate you listening to us, and we look forward to catching up with you again in tthey next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.