The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company previously announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  According to the company’s earnings release, which was issued yesterday, the company reported lower than expected second-quarter comparable sales.  The company also announced that it would raise its full-year dividend for the year ending June 30.  The company also raised its full-year guidance for the company for the year ending June 30, 2020, and for the full year ending June 30, 2020.  In a related note, the company also announced that it would be raising its full-year dividend.  The company previously raised its full-year guidance for the year ending June 30, 2020, to reflect continued strong demand for its products and services.  The company also announced that it will be raising its dividend in the second half of this year.  The company also announced that it would not be raising its full-year dividend for the period ending June 30, 2020.  The company is continuing to invest in its e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategies.  The company also announced that it would increase the number of stores it has opened in the U.S.  The company announced that it would be raising its dividend in a matter of weeks.  The company also announced that it had hired a Chief Financial Officer to assist in this matter.  The company also announced that it has hired a Chief Accounting Officer to assist in this matter.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of the risks associated with these investments.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC’s Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC’s investor.gov website to quickly identify if they are registered professionals.  The SEC also encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments using the SEC’sÂ Investor.govÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.