The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the period ending June 30, 2021.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officer Edward Wall discussed the company's strong financial performance in the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's prepared remarks, the company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.3%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 11.2%.  The company's stock price increased more than 20% in the second quarter of 2020.  As we discussed in our prepared remarks, the company's financial condition is improving and the company is able to pass along a lot of the benefits of the government stimulus programs to its customers.  The company also announced that it has increased the number of stores that it has opened in the second half of 2020.  The company's stock price increased about 20% in the second quarter of 2020, and the company's adjusted EBITDA per share increased by nearly 20%.  The company's stock price increased about 20%, and the company's adjusted EBITDA per store increased by about 20%.  The company's stock price increased by about 20% in the second quarter of 2020 and the company's adjusted EBITDA per customer increased by about 20%.  The company's financial condition improved significantly in the second quarter of 2020, when it reported strong same store sales.  The company's stock price increased by about 10%, and the company's adjusted EBITDA increased by about 20%.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by about 20% in the second quarter.  The company's adjusted EBITDA per customer rose by about 11% in the second quarter.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business.  The company's financial condition improved substantially in the second half of the year.  The company's sales and earnings per share increased by about 11% in the second quarter of 2020.  The improvement in the number of stores opened in the second half of the year was primarily due to the improved quality and increased size of our lease portfolio.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by about 10% in the second quarter.