On April 27, 2022, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a temporary restraining order, and ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions. The Court granted the court's motion for an emergency injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions. The court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations. The court granted the court's motion for an injunction against future violations of the antifraud provision of Section 10(b) of the Exchange and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act. The Court granted the court's motion for preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b)(5) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations. The Court granted the court's motion for summary judgment against the defendants. The court granted the court's motion for preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10(b) the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 10b-5 thereunder. The court granted the court's motion for summary judgment against all defendants. The Court granted the court's motion against the defendants. The court entered a temporary restraining order against the defendants. The court entered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1, 13a-11 and 13a-13 thereunder. The court entered a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 10(b)(2) of the Exchange Act. The court entered a temporary restraining order against certain defendants. The court entered a final injunction against future violations of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-20, 13a-1