On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million in the quarter.  The company's stock price rose significantly, and Acacia's share price increased significantly.  The company's stock price rose significantly after the announcement of the Oxford Nanopore Technologies acquisition.  The company's stock price increased significantly, and Acacia's stock price increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased, and Acacia's share price increased, as well.  The company's stock price rose, and Acacia's share price increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well, and Acacia's stock price increased.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 were materially different from those reported in the company's third quarter financial results.  The company's stock price rose, as well, and Acacia's share price increased, and Acacia's share price fell.  The company's stock price increased, causing Acacia's share price to decline.  The company's stock price increased, which is a result of the increase in the company's share price over the last year.  The company's stock price also increased, and Acacia's share price fell, as well.  The company's share price increased, and Acacia's stock price fell.  The company's stock price declined, and Acacia's stock price declined.  The company's stock price declined, as did Acacia's share price.  The company's stock price rose, with Acacia's stock price dropping.  The company's stock price fell, and Acacia's share price declined.  The company's stock price fell, as did Acacia's.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Brett Reiss and Janney Montgomery Scott.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.