The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company previously announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  According to the company’s earnings release, which was issued on August 1, 2018, the company announced that it would be raising its dividend and increasing its share of the company’s outstanding outstanding shares.  The company also announced that it was raising its full-year guidance for 2019.  The company also announced that it will be raising its pre-tax rate for the period ending June 30, 2020.  The company also announced that it would raise its pre-tax rate for the year ending June 30, 2020, and that it would be raising its dividend in the back half of the year.  The company also announced that it would increase its share of its outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding shares outstanding.  The company also announced that it had increased its share of outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding shares outstanding.  In a related note, the company also announced that it would be raising its pre-tax rate for the year ending December 31, 2020.  The company has also announced that it will be raising its dividend in the second half of this year.  The company also announced that it has hired a new Chief Financial Officer.  The company is continuing to invest in its e-commerce business and its growth strategy.  The company also announced that it has appointed a new Chief Accounting Officer.  The company announced that it would be raising its dividend in a matter of weeks.  The company also announced that it had hired a new Chief Accounting Officer.  The company also announced that it had appointed a Chief Accounting Officer.  The company is continuing to evaluate the company’s business and its prospects for future growth.  The company also announced that it has engaged in an internal accounting review.  The company is continuing to evaluate the business and its prospects for future growth.  In a related note, the company announced that it had raised its pre-tax rate for the year ending September 30, 2020.  The company is continuing to evaluate the performance of its e-commerce business.  The company also announced that it had engaged in an internal accounting review that was conducted by Vincent Caintic, Joseph Chalhoub, and Anthony Chukumba of the Chicago Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.