The Carol's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store sales guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 11.2%.  The company also announced that it would be raising its full-year same store sales outlook for the second quarter of 2020.  As we discussed in the press release, the company's revenue increased by 11.2% in the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased by 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 11.2% in the second quarter.  The company also announced that it would roll out a new online ordering platform, called GenNext, in the second half of the year.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin for the second half of 2020.  The company's financial results, which are based on the company's historical performance, are consistent with the company's expectations.  The company's financial results, however, are not consistent with the company's historical performance.  The company's second quarter revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year were both materially higher.  The company's historical performance was significantly lower in the second quarter of the year.  The company's financial results, which were consistent with the company's historical performance, were significantly higher in the second half of the year.  As a result, the company's revenue and earnings per share increased by 11.2% and the company's adjusted EBITDA increased by 11.2%.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 11.2% year-over-year.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin is up 11.2% from the second quarter of the prior year.  The company's historical performance was significantly higher in the second quarter of the year.  In the second half of the year, the company exceeded our expectations for total revenues, same store revenues and adjusted EBITDA by 11.2%.  The company's historical performance is consistent with the company's historical performance.  In the second quarter, the company raised its full-year same store sales outlook by 11.2%.  In the second half of the year, same store revenues increased by 11.2%.  The company has not assumed any additional share repurchases beyond what has been previously described.