The Charlotte's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company's CEO, Amber Lindsay, and CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from Charlotte, told investors that the company was on track to achieve profitability in the second half of the year.  The company's second quarter earnings release, which was released yesterday, highlighted that the company was experiencing pressure in the second half of the year from lower demand for its products and services.  The company's second quarter earnings call, which was also the company's first since acquiring The Charlotte's, highlighted that the company was experiencing pressure in its lease-to-own business.  As a result, the company's lease portfolio size was down approximately 10% year-over-year.  As a result, the company's second quarter earnings per share was down 20% year-over-year.  The company's third quarter earnings release, which was also the company's first since 2014, highlighted that the company was experiencing pressure in demand.  The company's second quarter earnings call was also the company's first since 2014.  The company's second quarter earnings were down 20% year-over-year, and the company's second quarter net income was down 20%.  The company's second quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year.  Without providing any additional details, the company's third quarter net income was down 20% year-over-year and the company's first-quarter net income was down 20%.  Without providing any additional detail, the company's second quarter net income was up 10%.  The company's third quarter net income was down 10% year-over-year.  The Company's second quarter net income was up 10% on the prior year quarter.  The company's third quarter net income was up 10% year-on-year.  The company's second quarter net income was down 10% year-on-year.  Without providing additional details, the company's second quarter net income was down 10%.  The company's third-quarter net income was up 10%.  The company is on track to achieve profitability in the back half of the year.  The company's fourth quarter net income was up 10%.  The Company's second quarter net income was down 10%, but the company's second quarter net income was up 11%.  The company's second quarter net income increased 10% year-on-year.  In a related note, the company's third quarter net income increased by 10%.  The company's fourth quarter net income was down 10%,