On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, which is the first antibody to treat cancer.  According to the press release, Bamlanivimab is the most potent antibody ever discovered, and it has been used to treat more than 400,000 patients since 2018.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody that can be used in combination with another antibody.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a third antibody.  According to the company's press release, this agreement is subject to court approval.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $2.6 million in disgorgement and prejudgment interest to settle the matter.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York today announced criminal charges against AbCellera.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges AbCellera with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges AbCellera with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement and prejudgment interest, and civil penalties against AbCellera.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Puneet Souda and Elizabeth Booth of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check out the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.