On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's revenue increased 5% in the second quarter, and its adjusted earnings per share increased 2%.  The company's guidance for the full year is for a 15% to 13% sales growth.  The company's revenue increased 2% in the first quarter, and the company's adjusted earnings per share increased 3%.  The company's guidance for the year includes a 1% to 2.5% sales increase for North America and a 1% to 3% increase for the international segment.  The company's guidance for the year is for a 1% to 2.5% sales growth, which is above our initial expectations.  The company is also targeting a 1% to 2.5% revenue growth in the U.S. and a 1% to 3% revenue growth in the U.K.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Natalie Steinke and Hamed Khorsand of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. McGinnis and Ms. Steinke.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.