On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced the acquisition of DanChem, a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be a leader in the specialty chemicals business.  The company's Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  According to the company's press release, the acquisition was the first step in a long line of mergers and acquisitions.  The company's Board of Directors previously announced the acquisition in July.  The company's Board of Directors previously authorized the acquisition in August.  The Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition in July.  The Board of Directors previously approved the purchase in August.  The Board of Directors previously authorized the acquisition in September.  The Board of Directors previously authorized the purchase in July.  The Board of Directors previously authorized the sale of DanChem in August.  The Board of Directors has approved the acquisition in full.  The Board of Directors previously approved the sale of DanChem in September.  The Board of Directors previously directed the purchase to be subject to regulatory approval.  The Board of Directors previously approved the DanChem acquisition in July.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition in August.  The board of directors previously approved the acquisition.  The Board of Directors has issued an order appointing a receiver to oversee the acquisition.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments by using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals and to quickly identify whether they are professionals.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Virginia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments using Investor.gov to help identify whether they are registered professionals.