On February 16, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has acquired ACV Auctions, Inc., a privately-held, publicly-traded, publicly-traded, privately-traded, publicly-traded car dealership.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan, ACV Auctions, which was acquired by the U.S. Department of Justice in March 2016, was not able to generate sufficient volume to support its long-term revenue growth. The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions was not able to generate sufficient volume to support the company's long-term revenue growth. As a result, ACV Auctions lost market share in the first half of the year. The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges ACV Auctions with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to a permanent injunction, to pay a civil penalty, and to be barred from serving as an officer and director of a public company for five years. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Mary Chamoun, Jan Folena, and Kelly L. Gibson of the Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Ms. Chamoun. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.