On February 22, 2019, Andreay Agree, President and CEO of Agree Realty Corporation, announced that the company has completed two significant transactions that will significantly boost its long-term access to capital.  The company's fourth quarter and full year earnings call is being conducted by Andreay Agree, President and CEO.  The company's annual report for the fourth quarter and full year was released on February 22, 2019.  The company's financial results reflect the continued growth of its portfolio.  According to the company's press release, in 2018, the company raised $750 million from retail investors by acquiring high-quality, high-yield, high-yield real estate.  In 2018, the company raised over $1.5 billion from retail investors.  In 2019, the company raised nearly $1.5 billion from more than 230 high-yield, high-yield properties.  The company has not received any proceeds from these transactions.  As a result of these transactions, the company has not received any proceeds from the transactions.  The company's guidance for the full year and full year for 2019 is unchanged from the prior year.  The company has not received any proceeds of any of these transactions.  The company has not announced any acquisitions.  The company has not announced any sales or leaseback transactions for the year.  The company has not announced any acquisitions for 2019.  The company has not announced any sales and leaseback transactions for the year.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Christina McElroy and Todd Stender of the Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Andreay Agree.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has also issued an Investor Alert on the subject of this matter.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals.  In addition, the SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.