On October 26, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a temporary restraining order, and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The Court granted the court's motion for an emergency injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.  The Court granted the court's order for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the federal securities laws.  The Court granted the court's order against future violations of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15a-14 thereunder.  The court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations.  The Honorable Judge granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act.  The Court granted the court's request for a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The Court granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Court granted the court's motion against future violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations