On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, which is the first antibody to treat cancer.  According to the press release, Bamlanivimab is the most potent antibody ever discovered, and it has been used to treat more than 400,000 patients since 2018.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody, called tramlanivimab, which is the most potent antibody currently available.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire tramlanivimab, the first antibody to treat cancer.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $2.6 million in cash and $1.8 million in pre-clinical development costs.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay $2.6 million in pre-clinical development costs.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York today announced criminal charges against AbCellera.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy today announced parallel criminal charges against AbCellera.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in New York, AbCellera violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges AbCellera with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Andrew Booth, Stephen Willey, and Jan Folena of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an advis