On November 6, 2019, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency court order halting an ongoing litigation action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York on November 6, 2019, alleges that, from at least May 2018 through September 2018, Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. ("ACHV"), a California-based company that offers e-cigarettes, failed to meet the FDA's recommendation to stop smoking.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, alleges that, in addition to failing to meet the FDA's recommendation, the company has been unable to find a suitable partner for the trial.  The SEC's complaint, filed on September 20, 2019, alleges that, in the first half of 2019, Chantix failed to meet the FDA's recommendation for stopping smoking.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks injunctive relief, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The SEC's complaint charges all defendants with violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws, orders them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with interest, and orders them to pay civil penalties.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann and Naureen Quibria of the Chicago Regional Office.  The SEC's litigation will be led by John R. Higgins and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the United States Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.