On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), alleging that the airline had to restructure its network in order to meet demand for its long-haul jets.  According to the complaint, the airline had to restructure its network to meet demand for its long-haul jets in order to meet the airline's long-term needs.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines had to restructure its network in order to fulfill its long-term obligations to its customers.  The complaint, however, alleges that American Airlines did not restructure its network to meet those obligations.  The complaint further alleges that American Airlines had to restructure its fleet to meet demand for its long-haul jets, which were not performing as well as expected.  The complaint, however, alleges that the airline had to restructure the network in order to meet those obligations.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Southern District of New York, charges American Airlines with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American Airlines has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1 and 13a-11 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Natalie Isom, Derek McCole, and John Rymas of the Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Isom and Ms. McCole.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.