The Isabella's Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the period ending June 30, 2020.  The company's CEO, Christina Lindsay, and CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from the U.S. and Canada, both of whom are also from the U.S. and Canada, have agreed to participate in the company's rebranding and rebranding efforts.  The company also agreed to pay a $1.2 million penalty for operating expenses related to the rebranding and rebranding of its brands.  The company also agreed to pay a penalty of $1.2 million for operating expenses related to the rebranding of its brands.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $1.2 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company's continuing efforts to improve the profitability of its core business, including the rebranding, rebranding and rebranding of brands, are continuing to be tested and evaluated by the market.  The company's continuing investment in its core business is important to the company's future growth.  The company's continuing efforts to improve profitability are important to the company's future growth.  In a note to investors, Christina Lindsay also provided an update on the company's second quarter financial results.  The company's second quarter financial results were better than anticipated.  The company's second quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year.  The company's revenue was down 10% year-over-year.  In the second quarter, the company's lease portfolio size was down approximately 10% compared to the prior year quarter.  The company's revenue was down approximately 10% year-over-year.  As a result, the company's second quarter net income was down 10% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA was down 10%.  The company's third quarter net income was down 10%.  The company's second quarter net income was down 10%, compared to the prior year quarter.  In the second quarter, the company reported lower than expected lease portfolio size.  The company's second-quarter net income was down 10%, compared to the second quarter of last year.  The company's third-quarter net income was down 10%, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was down 10%.  The company's second-quarter financial results were better than expected.  The company's second quarter net income increased by $1.2 million.  The company's