On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, to treat cancer.  According to the press release, Bamlanivimab is the first antibody to be approved for use in the U.S. and in Europe.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody to treat cancer.  According to the release, Bamlanivimab has been approved for use in more than 400,000 patients across multiple clinical trials.  According to the company's press release, in 2020, AbCellera will acquire a second antibody, Bamlanivimab 1404, which is the first antibody to be approved in the U.S. for use in cancer immunotherapy.  The company also announced that it will acquire a third antibody, Bamlanivimab 1404, in a multi-year licensing agreement that is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company also announced that it has entered into a multiyear licensing agreement with a third antibody company.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges AbCellera with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks injunctive relief, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Melissa Hansen, Amber Booth, and Christina Willey of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert on this matter.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering