On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's adjusted net income increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased 2%.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first half of the year was $1.45 per share higher than the prior year's $1.07 per share.  In the second quarter, the company reported record sales of $1.04 billion.  The company's adjusted net income rose 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased by 2.5%.  The company's adjusted net income and free cash flow were both above the prior year's levels.  The company's adjusted free cash flow was $1.07 per share.  The company's adjusted operating income and free cash flow were both above expectations.  The company's adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow were both above expectations.  In the fourth quarter, the company reported record sales of $2.03 billion.  The company's adjusted free cash flow increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow was $1.05 per share.  The company's adjusted free cash flow for the year was $1.07 per share, which is above the prior year's adjusted free cash flow.  The company's adjusted free cash flow is $1.07 per share higher than the prior year.  The company's adjusted free cash flow guidance for the year is $1.05 per share higher than the prior year's adjusted free cash flow and $1.07 per share higher than the previous year's adjusted free cash flow.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ACCO Brands has agreed to pay over $1.5 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Christopher McGinnis and Hamed Khorsand of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for