The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) second quarter earnings call and webcast was conducted by Lindal Broussard, Chief Executive Officer, and Sandra O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, U.S. Well Services has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The final judgment permanently enjoins U.S. Well Services from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, U.S. Well Services has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, U.S. Well Services agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of $22.5 million, prejudgment interest of $2.2 million, and a civil penalty of $2.2 million. Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, U.S. Well Services agreed to a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. U.S. Well Services also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $2.2 million, prejudgment interest of $2.9 million, and to pay a civil penalty of $2.9 million. U.S. Well Services has also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The settlement is subject to court approval. U.S. Well Services has agreed to a final judgment that permanently enjoins the company from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws. The settlement is subject to court approval. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Cheryl Gengaro and Cheryl Gengaro of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Mr. Shapiro and Ms. Gengaro. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services