On August 5, 2020, the SEC filed its second quarter earnings release with the SEC.  The SEC's complaint alleges that UPC Insurance, a Florida-based insurance company, and its CEO, Brad Martz, violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  According to the complaint, the SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Miami, Florida, alleges that UPC violated the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that UPC violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, UPC has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Florida, charges UPC with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b)(5) of the Securities Act and Section10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder, and seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges UPC with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b2-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges UPC with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges UPC with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act as well as Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, UPC has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's findings, UPC has agreed to the entry of an order permanently enjoining it from violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.