On February 25, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS), a biopharmaceutical company based in St. Louis, Missouri, announced positive results from two pivotal Phase 3 studies in atopic dermatitis.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office on February 25, 2019, ATI-450, a kinase inhibitor for atopic dermatitis, was not associated with any significant adverse events or drug-drug interaction with methotrexate.  The complaint further alleges that ATI-450 was not associated with any significant adverse events in the prior year.  The complaint further further alleges that ATI-450 did not respond to any meaningful food or drug interaction with methotrexate.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Pennsylvania, charges ATI-450 with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges ATI-450 with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and charges ATI-450 with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Aclaris has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Lachlan Hanbury-Brown and was supervised by Christine Smith of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Pennsylvania, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.