On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had agreed to a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The company's stock price rose significantly in the quarter, and Acacia's share price increased significantly.  The company's stock price rose significantly, and Acacia's stock price increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased significantly after the announcement of the Oxford Nanopore Technologies acquisition.  The company's stock price increased, and Acacia's share price increased, as well.  The company's stock price rose, and Acacia's share price increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well, and Acacia's stock price increased.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 were materially different from those reported in the third quarter of 2020.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Janney Montgomery and Kelly Loomis of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Montgomery and Ms. Montgomery.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.