On February 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACV).  The SEC's complaint alleges that ACV Auctions failed to deliver on its revenue and margin targets.  According to the complaint, ACV Auctions, which was acquired by JMP Securities in late 2017, failed to deliver on its revenue targets.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue targets.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that ACV Auctions did not meet its revenue targets.  The complaint further alleges that ACV Auctions did not deliver on its revenue targets.  According to the complaint, the complaint was filed in the SEC's complaint, and the complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to settle the SEC's complaint and to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Abigail Labick, Sarah Sheridan, and Rachel Zerella of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.