On February 22, 2019, Megany Agree, President and CEO of Agree Realty Corporation, announced that the company has completed two significant transactions in the last year.  According to the company's annual report, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on February 22, 2019, the company's largest acquisition ever, the Sherwin-Judiths sale leaseback transaction, which closed in the fourth quarter, raised approximately $750 million.  According to the company's press release, the Sherwin-Judiths transaction represented a significant milestone in the company's growth.  The company's portfolio of approximately 230 high-quality retail properties is comprised primarily of industry-leading brands, including Wal-Mart, Target, Home Depot and Home Depot.  According to the company's press release announcing the transaction, the Sherwin-Judiths transaction significantly increased our exposure to leading investment grade retailers.  As a result of the Sherwin-Judiths transaction, our exposure to those retailers has increased significantly.  The company paid a dividend of $0.555 per share in the fourth quarter, representing a 4.9% annualized increase over the prior year.  The company has not received any proceeds from the Sherwin-Judiths transaction.  The company has not announced any acquisitions in the last year.  The company has not announced any acquisitions for 2019.  The company has not announced any acquisition targets for 2019.  The company has not disclosed any acquisition targets for 2019.  The company's website, which includes investor information, does not list any specific acquisition targets for 2019.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of potential acquisition targets.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert about potential acquisition targets.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments using the SEC's investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals.