On October 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, ADM's operations in China were significantly impacted by the impact of Hurricane Ida.  According to the complaint, ADM's operations in China were significantly affected by the impact of the hurricane.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, ADM's operations in China were substantially impacted by the impact of the hurricane.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that ADM's operations in China were significantly more productive than those in the U.S.  The SEC's complaint, which was filed in the U.S. District Court, charges ADM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ADM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders ADM to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges ADM with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ADM has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC's litigation is being led by Ms. Luciano and Ms. Luciano.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.