On March 30, 2020, the Asian Academy of Design (AACG) announced that it has opened a research-based learning center in Beijing, China.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, during the COVID-19 pandemic, China's first-year college and university students were among the first to receive offers from prestigious institutions to study abroad.  The complaint alleges that China-based AACG, which primarily operated under an entity that was formerly under an entity that was known to be quite competitive in the global creative arts education industry, was unable to meet the demand for its offerings.  The complaint further alleges that China-based AACG had difficulty recruiting students to participate in its programs.  The complaint alleges that China-based CAGI had difficulty recruiting students to participate in its programs because of limited access to the U.S. market.  The complaint further alleges that, in the first quarter of 2022, approximately 167 students began to receive offers from prestigious institutions, such as Parsons School of Design, New York University and Oxford University.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, China-based CAGI had difficulty recruiting new students.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, charges China-based CAGI with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's complaint charges China-based CAGI with violating Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint also charges China-based CAGI with violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains, prejudgment interest, and penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jun Zhang and supervised by Mr. Sima.  The SEC's litigation will be handled by Mr. Zhang and Ms. Sima.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.