ATA, Inc. (ATAI) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2019, 9:00 PM ET.  The company announced that it has signed framework agreements with Beijing Huanqiuyimeng Education Consultation Corp. or ACG, a leading provider of overseas art study.  ATA's CFO, Ms. Noah Tung, and President, Jack Huang, will provide an overview of the company's financial highlights for the first quarter of 2019.  The company also announced that it has signed agreements with certain of its shareholders for a proposed acquisition of ACG.  According to the company's press release, in the first quarter of 2019, net revenues increased to CNY1.6 million compared to CNY0.1 million in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of our success in developing and expanding our K-12 education assessment services into other regions of China such as the Heping district of Tianjin.  The company also announced that it signed framework agreements with certain of its shareholders for the proposed acquisition of ACG.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges ATA with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The SEC's complaint charges ATA with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ATA has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jack Huang and Kevin Ma, and the litigation will be handled by Patrickyne Sohn and Jack Huang.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.