On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines had a significant shortfall in pilots, many of whom were not fully trained.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that American Airlines had approximately 40,000 fewer pilots than it had historically had.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines' pilots were not adequately trained and were not performing as well as they should have been.  As a result, American Airlines' pilots were not adequately trained.  As a result, the airline's pilots were not adequately trained.  The complaint alleges that the airline's pilots were not trained.  The complaint, filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York, charges American Airlines with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American Airlines has agreed to the entry of a new CFO, who will be responsible for the airline's operations and financial performance.  The new CFO will be Derek Isom, who will lead the airline's operations.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert to help investors identify whether they should check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy also issued an Investor Alert on to help investors identify whether they should check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment in an airline with an investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling an investor