The Aaron's Company, Inc. ("AAN") announced today that it has agreed to be acquired by BrandsMart, Inc. ("BrandsMart") for a total of $1.2 billion.  The acquisition is subject to court approval.  The company's Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  The Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, BrandsMart's lease-to-own solution is not performing as well as we had anticipated.  As a result, the company's lease-to-own business experienced significant declines in the second quarter.  As a result of the acquisition, the company's lease-to-own rate declined in the second quarter and the company's guidance for the full year was lower than prior year.  As a result, the company lowered its full-year guidance for the company.  The Board of Directors previously approved the purchase of BrandsMart.  The Board of Directors previously approved the sale of BrandsMart.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition of a second-hand furniture manufacturer.  The Board of Directors also approved the purchase of a third-hand furniture manufacturer, Woodhaven, Inc. ("Woodhaven"), for a total of $1.3 billion.  The Board of Directors also approved the sale of a fourth-hand furniture manufacturer, BrandsMart, for a total of $1.4 billion.  The Board of Directors previously approved the Acquisition of BrandsMart.  The Board of Directors has issued an order appointing a receiver to oversee the acquisition.  The SEC's order appointing receiver will be issued on July 26, 2022.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.