The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company previously announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  The company previously announced that it would raise its dividend in the second half of the year and would be raising its dividend in the third quarter.  The company also announced that it would raise its full-year guidance for 2019.  The company previously raised its full-year guidance for 2020.  The company's second quarter earnings release, which was issued on August 1, 2018, provided an update on the company’s financial performance.  The company’s second quarter earnings release, which was also issued on August 1, 2018, provided a more detailed view of the company’s second quarter financial results.  The company’s second quarter financial results were significantly ahead of internal expectations.  The company’s second quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year and the company’s adjusted EBITDA margin was up 10% from the prior year quarter.  The company’s second quarter revenue was down 10% year-over-year.  The company’s adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter was up 10% year-over-year.  In the second quarter, the company reported lower lease portfolio size and lower average selling prices.  The company’s third quarter net income was down 10% year-over-year, reflecting a decline in the company’s lease portfolio.  The company’s fourth quarter net income was down 30 basis points year-over-year.  The company has raised its dividend for the year and is continuing to invest in its e-commerce business.  The company’s third quarter earnings release, which was issued on August 2, 2018, provided an update on its second half financial results.  The company’s third quarter financial results were down 10% year-over-year, but in line with internal expectations.  The company’s fourth quarter financial results were down 10% year over year.  The company’s third quarter was down 10% year over year, reflecting lower lease portfolio and lower average selling prices.  The company is raising its dividend in the fourth quarter.  The company’s second half net income was up 10% year over year.  The company is raising its dividend for the year