The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officers, Scott Wall and Douglas Lindsay, recently raised the company's revenue and earnings per share guidance.  The company's second quarter results were better than we had anticipated.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.3%.  The company's revenue per square foot increased 11.2% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue per square foot increased 8.2% year-over-year.  The company's net income per square foot increased 11.2% from the same period last year.  The company's revenue per square foot was up 11.2% from the second quarter of 2020.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business.  The company's revenue per square foot is up 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's net income per square foot increased 16.3% from the second quarter of 2020.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of the dangers of investing in ecommerce.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals.  In addition, the SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them investments using the SEC's investor.gov website.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals or professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering investments using the SEC Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to