On May 4, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to pay a $1.2 million civil penalty and pay a $1.2 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed on May 4, 2017 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, between March 1 and March 31, 2016, the company raised the price of its water-source heat pump to $69 million from $60 million.  The complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2017, the company raised the price to $69 million from $60 million, and that the price increase resulted in a significant increase in the company's working capital balance.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the company recorded $1.1 million in excess tax benefits.  In the third quarter, the company recorded $2.2 million in orders and $11.6 million in sales.  In the fourth quarter, the complaint alleges that the company had an unexpected slowdown in the first quarter of this year.  The complaint alleges that some of those orders were related to unusually high warranty accruals for the first and second quarter of this year.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Brent Thielman and Gary Fields of D.A. Davidson and the litigation will be led by Norman Asbjornson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.