On August 13, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder. The Court also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 206(1) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(2) of the Advisers Act. The Court will determine the amount of monetary relief to be provided to the Honorable Judge.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of monetary relief that will be provided to the Honorable Judge.  In a related matter, the Honorable Judge granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 206(1) of the Advisers Act and Rule 206(2)-8 thereunder. The court will determine the amount of monetary relief.  The Honorable Judge also granted a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 206 of the Advisers Act.  The Court will determine the amount of monetary relief that the Honorable Judge will impose.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 206 of the Investment Advisers Act.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered the Honorable Judge to hold the Honorable Judge in contempt.  The Honorable Judge also granted the order for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the Advisers Act.  The Honorable Judge will determine the monetary relief that the Honorable Judge will impose upon the Honorable Judge.