On January 26, 2016, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Apple Inc. ("AAPL") announced record quarterly revenue and earnings per share for its services business.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, Apple's revenue and earnings per share declined significantly in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Apple's revenue and earnings per share declined significantly during the quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that Apple violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Apple has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the company to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Apple with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Apple has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia today announced criminal charges against Apple.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Walter Paxton and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.