On October 27, 2022, Apple Inc. ("AAPL") announced earnings that exceeded Wall Street expectations.  The company also announced record revenue for the September quarter.  According to the company's investor alert, the company's revenue increased 10% year-over-year in the September quarter.  According to the SEC's investor alert, Apple's revenue increased 10% in the September quarter.  The company also reported record quarterly revenue for the iPhone, iPad and Mac.  The company's continued investment in new products and services has helped drive an all-time record revenue for Apple.  The company also announced a new AirPods Pro wireless earbuds, a new Apple Watch, and a new Apple Watch Series 8.  The company's continued investment in the new AirPods Pro has helped drive an all-time high in revenue for the September quarter.  The company also announced a new Apple Watch Series 8 and a new Apple Watch Series 8.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Apple's former CEO.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Apple with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges Apple with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint charges Apple with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and charges Apple with violating Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Apple has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Tejas Gala and supervised by Sanjay Wadhwa.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.