On February 11, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filed its annual report for the period ending December 31, 2020.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we generated net inflows of $1.2 billion, which was more than double the prior year's net inflows.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the fourth quarter, we generated net inflows of 9.2 billion, which was more than double what we had previously reported.  The complaint further alleges that, in the fourth quarter, net inflows of $1.2 billion were greater than anticipated, reflecting strong demand for our private and middle market debt offerings.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of these factors, we generated net inflows of $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter and $3.8 billion in the full year.  The complaint further alleges that, in a volatile market, we had to cut back on some of our investment offerings in order to meet our 2020 adjusted operating margin targets.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges us with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, we have consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins us from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges us with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by John Dunn and Robert Lee of the Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Unit and supervised by Robert Lee of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Seth Bernstein.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.