On May 6, 2020, Ambev SA announced that it has entered into a long-term partnership with Coca-Cola to develop and market its flagship brand, Brahma Duplo Malte.  According to the company's CEO, Jeffrey Jereissati, the company has been investing in Brazil since the beginning of the year to develop and market its flagship product, Brahma Duplo Malte.  The company has been investing in Brazil and Latin America since the beginning of the year.  In the first quarter of the year, net revenue per hectoliter increased by 23%, driven by double-digit volume growth in Brazil, and double-digit net revenue per hectoliter growth in Argentina.  In the second quarter, net revenue per hectoliter increased by 12%, driven by strong volume growth in Brazil, Mexico, and Uruguay.  In the third quarter, net revenue per hectoliter was up nearly 28%, driven by strong volume growth in Brazil, and by double-digit net revenue per hectoliter in Argentina.  In the fourth quarter, net revenue per hectoliter declined by 12%, but the company's revenue per hectoliter increased by 5.4%.  As a result, the company's revenue per hectoliter declined by 12%, and the company's net revenue per hectoliter declined by 5.4%.  The company's outlook for the rest of the year remains unchanged.  The company's Board of Directors has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov report to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to check the background.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to find the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using this report to Investor.gov website to check to check the background of anyone selling or offering a product using Investor.gov.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.