On October 29, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia against Arbor Realty Trust, Inc., a New York-based REIT, alleging that it failed to adequately fund its core business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that, between September 2015 and September 2016, Arbor Realty Trust failed to adequately fund its core business with sufficient capital to support the growth of its core business.  The complaint alleges that, in the third quarter, Arbor Realty raised $535 million from approximately 25 originators.  The complaint alleges that, as a result of this investment, Arbor Realty's core business was able to generate over $1 billion in annualized returns.  The complaint, however, is that, as a result of the investment in our core business, the company's core assets were materially overvalued.  As a result of this investment, the company's core assets were overvalued.  As a result, the company's core assets were undervalued.  As a result of this investment in core assets, the company's core assets were overvalued and the company's core assets undervalued.  The complaint alleges that, in the second and third quarters, the company's core assets were overvalued by approximately $1 billion.  The complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, the company's core assets were undervalued by approximately $1 billion.  As a result of this investment, our core assets were overvalued.  The complaint alleges, however, that, as a result of the investment in core assets, Arbor Realty's core assets were overvalued.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Complaint Division, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5(b) thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Paul Elenio of the Boston Regional Office, and the litigation will be led by Mr. Elenio.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.