Rob Ford, Abbott Laboratories CEO and President, told investors that the company was uniquely positioned and diversified across a broad portfolio of products and services.  The company also invested heavily in the development of a new diagnostic platform.  According to Robert Ford, the company's core business was to develop and market a portfolio of products and services that could be used to detect and detect diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, and heart disease.  The company's core business was to develop a portfolio of best-in-class point-of-care products that could detect and detect diseases such as diabetes, hypertension and heart disease.  The company had a long history of testing products that could detect and detect diseases such as type 2 diabetes.  In fact, the company had a long history of testing products that did not work.  In fact, the company's history of testing products that did not work out well with the pandemic was a long time ago.  The company's history of testing products that didn't work out well with the pandemic has been a long time coming.  The company's history of investing in the development of new products and services has been a long time coming.  In 2020, Abbott and its CEO, Robert Ford, announced the acquisition of Alere, a company that was already a leader in this area.  Abbott and its CEO, Patrick McCluskey, announced the acquisition of Alere in January.  Abbott and McCluskey agreed to the acquisition without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint.  Abbott and McCluskey also agreed to pay a $1.5 billion civil penalty.  Abbott and McCluskey agreed to pay a $1.5 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  Abbott and McCluskey agreed to a $1.5 million civil penalty. The settlement is subject to court approval.  McCluskey agreed to pay a $1 million civil penalty.  Abbott and McCluskey will be jointly and severally liable for the civil penalty.  McCluskey agreed to a $1 million civil penalty.  Abbott agreed to pay a $2 million civil penalty.  McCluskey agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Abbott and McCluskey agreed to jointly and severally pay a civil penalty of $1 million.  Abbott and McCluskey agreed to be jointly and severally liable for the civil penalties.  McCluskey agreed to a $500,000 civil penalty.  Abbott and McCluskey