On August 3, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge granted the SEC's request for an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The Court granted the SEC's request for a temporary asset freeze and emergency relief.  The Honorable Judge granted the request for an asset freeze and emergency relief.  The court granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze, a temporary asset freeze, and a temporary asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's request for an asset freeze.  The Court granted the court's request for an asset freeze and emergency relief and a temporary asset freeze.  The court granted the court's request for an emergency asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze.  The Court entered a final judgment granting the SEC's request for an asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Bill Collier, David Hastings, and Michael Sofia.  The court granted the SEC's motion for an asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze.  On August 4, 2019, the Honorable Judge granted the court's order for an asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze, ordering a temporary asset freeze, and ordering a temporary asset freeze.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze on August 5, 2019.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze and a temporary asset freeze on August 6, 2019.  The court granted the court's motion for an asset freeze on August 8, 2019.  The Court entered a temporary asset freeze on August 9, 2019.  The court entered a temporary restraining order on August 10, 2019.  The court entered a final judgment that permanently enjoins the defendants from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze against the defendants.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze order on August 10, 2019.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Bill Collier, David Hastings, and Scott Sims of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Collier and Mr. Hastings.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.