On November 4, 2020, Arcosa, Inc., a Texas-based construction services company, announced strong third-quarter financial results.  The company's CEO, Antonio Carrillo, and CFO, Gail Peck, announced the company's acquisition of Southwest Rock, LLC.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock was acquired by Arcosa in April 2016 for approximately $1.3 billion.  The acquisition generated double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in the third quarter.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock's acquisition was a positive development for Arcosa.  The company's growth has been supported by strong demand for its construction products and services businesses.  In the fourth quarter, we received orders for approximately $175 million of new construction products.  The company's forecast for the fourth quarter is that it will grow at a reasonable rate.  As we discussed in our earnings call on November 2, 2018, Southwest Rock's revenue was up 12% and adjusted EBITDA was up 13%.  The company's outlook for the fourth quarter is positive.  The company's revenue and EBITDA have increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since the beginning of the year.  As a result of the Southwest Rock acquisition, the company's revenue has increased substantially.  The company's profitability has improved significantly since the Southwest Rock acquisition.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the Southwest Rock acquisition.  As a result of the Southwest Rock acquisitions, Arcosa's profitability has increased substantially.  The company's stock price has declined substantially since the Southwest Rock acquisition.  The company is evaluating the options available to it.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Gail Peck, Brent Thielman, and Garik Shmois of the Chicago Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Texas and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of Southwest Rock's acquisition.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert in to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov 