On April 28, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against a former CEO of a Florida-based company accused of defrauding retail investors.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, PowerA, Inc., a Florida-based manufacturer of home-improvement and home-improvement products, and its former CEO, Neal Fenwick, raised the price of PowerA stock by approximately $1.5 per share.  According to the complaint, PowerA's sales declined 7% in the first quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that PowerA's sales were down 7% in the first quarter.  The complaint alleges that PowerA's sales were down due to higher prices and lower demand for its products.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, PowerA has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, PowerA agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Marc Blau and supervised by C.J. Kerstetter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.