On March 4, 2020, U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) announced that it has raised its share price for the first time since 2014.  The company also announced that it has raised its share price for its electric fleet.  The company also announced that it had raised its share price for its conventional diesel fleet.  According to the company's earnings release, which was issued on March 4, 2019, U.S. Well Services experienced declining demand for its highly-efficient electric fleet.  The company's revenue for the full year 2019 was approximately $514.8 million, down 21% from 2018's revenue of $648.8 million.  The company also announced that it had commissioned a fourth electric fleet that went into work during the first quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, this fleet was designed back in 2012, 2013, and 2014.  The company's expertise in operating electric fleets significantly outpaces demand for conventional diesel-powered equipment.  In 2019, U.S. Well Services completed approximately 24 hours in a day between well swaps and wireline maintenance, which equates to a 5% to 8% increase in operational efficiency.  The company's profitability has actually improved since the beginning of the year.  The company's revenue declined 29% sequentially to $92.7 million in the fourth quarter.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin was approximately 13% compared to 27% in the third quarter of 2019.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Joel Broussard.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to use Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.