On October 27, 2016, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against insurance company Arch Capital Group Ltd., alleging that it failed to adequately manage its reinsurance business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Arch Capital Group violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint further alleges that Arch Capital Group failed to adequately manage its reinsurance business and failed to adequately account for losses incurred in the U.S. business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges Arch with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges Arch with Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Arch has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains the company's books of business.  The final judgment permanently restrains the books of business.  The SEC's complaint charges Arch with violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint charges Arch with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges Arch with violating Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Arch agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently restraining the company's books of business.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The complaint charges Arch with violating Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(b) and (c) thereunder.  The complaint also charges Arch with violating Section 17(a)(2) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement plus prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The complaint also charges Arch with violating Rule 10b-5.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Ian Gutterman and Mark Lyons of the Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be handled by Mr. and Ms. Lyons.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.