On July 31, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it had completed a strategic review of its health care business.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DOH) and Department of Human Services (DOH) had delayed approving the acquisition of Bradford Recovery Center, a specialty treatment facility located in Millerton, Pennsylvania.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, alleges that the Department of Health and Human Services delayed approving the acquisition of Bradford Recovery Center.  The complaint further alleges that the Department of Health and Human Services did not consider retooling the U.S. facilities as part of its overall strategy.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, charges the Department of Health and Human Services with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the Department of Health and Human Services has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins the Department of Health and Human Services from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the Department of Health and Human Services to pay a civil penalty of $20 million.  The SEC's complaint charges the Department of Health and Human Services with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the Department of Health and Human Services has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brian Tanquilut and Jason Cassorla of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Tanquilut and Mr. Cassorla.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.K. Department of Health and Human Services in this matter.