OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OGXI) announced that it has completed a clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of its second line of second line chemotherapy in men with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer.  The company also announced that it has received FDA approval for its second line of second line chemotherapy.  According to the company's press release, on November 12, 2015, OncoGenex announced that it had received FDA approval for its second line chemotherapy, Custirsen, in combination with docetaxel, to extend survival in a prospectively defined subgroup of men at increased risk for poor outcomes.  OncoGenex also announced that it had received approval for its second line of second line chemotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer.  OncoGenex's second line of chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of Custirsen in combination with docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based chemotherapy.  The company's second line of second line chemotherapy is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Custirsen in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer with poor prognostic status.  The company's second line of chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy of Custirsen in a clinical trial that is being conducted at 27 sites across the United States.  OncoGenex's third line of chemotherapy is evaluating the safety and efficacy of its second line of second line chemotherapy in patients at increased risk for poor outcomes.  The company's second line of chemotherapy, Borealis-1, is being conducted at 27 sites across the U.S. and Canada.  The company's second line of therapy, Apatorsen, is being conducted at 27 sites across the country.  The company's first line of chemotherapy is evaluating the safety and effectiveness of its second line of second line chemotherapy.  The company's second line of therapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of the second line of second line chemotherapy in men with metastatic bladder cancer.  The company's second line of chemotherapy treatment is evaluating the safety and efficacy of the second line of second line chemotherapy in patients with aggressive or metastatic bladder cancer.  The company is currently evaluating the safety and efficacy of the second line chemotherapy in those patients.  The company's second line of chemotherapy for advanced or metastatic bladder cancer, Borealis-2, is being conducted at 26 sites across the U.S.  The company's second line of therapy for bladder cancer is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel.  The company's second line of chemotherapy in patients with aggressive bladder cancer is being conducted at 27 sites across the country