On July 29, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The court granted the SEC's request for an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The Court granted the SEC's request for a temporary asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, Albertsons Companies, Inc. ("Albertsons"), its President and CEO, Vivek Sankaran, and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Dimond, raised approximately $1.2 billion from approximately 290,000 retail customers.  The court granted the court's request for an emergency asset freeze and emergency relief.  The court granted the court's motion for an emergency asset freeze.  The court granted the request for an emergency asset freeze.  The court also granted the court's request for a temporary asset freeze.  The court granted the court's request.  The court granted the SEC's request to freeze the assets of Albertsons and Dimond.  The court granted the court's order for an emergency asset freeze.  The court will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The court will determine the amount of monetary relief.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.