On October 31, 2019, the SEC filed its third quarter 2019 earnings release with the SEC.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Hurricane Irma and other severe weather events caused significant declines in the company's core business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that UPC Insurance, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, UPC Insurance, failed to adequately protect its core business in the wake of these events.  The complaint alleges that UPC Insurance failed to adequately protect its core business against these events.  The complaint further alleges that UPC Insurance failed to adequately reserve its core business for these events.  The complaint alleges that the company's reserves for these events were insufficient to cover the losses incurred in the prior year.  The complaint alleges that UPC Insurance's reserves for these events were conservatively set at $40 million and $30 million, respectively.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, UPC Insurance and its wholly-owned subsidiary, UPC Insurance Holdings Corp., have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains the company's books of business for 2019.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges UPC Insurance with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, UPC Insurance has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida today announced criminal charges against UPC Insurance.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Greg Peters of Raymond James and John Forney of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Peters and Mr. Forney.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.