On August 9, 2017, The Equity Group, Inc. ("The Equity Group") announced that it filed its second quarter 2017 earnings with the SEC for the first time since 2014.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2017, the company lost approximately $30 million in insured losses.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, contrary to what the SEC's complaint alleges, the company was unable to offset these losses.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the second quarter of 2017, the company lost approximately $40 million in insured losses.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, the company lost approximately $1.8 million in insured losses.  The complaint alleges, however, that the company was able to offset those losses by generating approximately $40 million in additional insured losses.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Adam Prior and supervised by Samir Khare.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.