On February 24, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered the court to hold a hearing on the matter.  The Honorable Judge granted the court's order for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and ordered the court to enter a final judgment on the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The Honorable Judge also granted the order for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 10(b) and 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The Court will determine the amount of disgorgement and civil penalties to be imposed by the court.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The Honorable Judge will also determine the amount of disgorgement and civil penalty to be imposed by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge also granted the motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge will determine the appropriate amount of disgorgement and civil penalties.