On August 3, 2019, Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXLS), a microcap company based in Beverley, Mass, announced that it would be raising its full-year revenue guidance to $1.3 billion.  The company also announced that it would be expanding its footprint in China and Korea.  According to the company's press releases and investor presentations, the Chinese market for semiconductors continues to be strong and demand is strong.  The company's orders for its products continue to grow, and as a result of this strong demand, the company's revenue is expected to grow significantly.  The company also announced plans to open a new manufacturing center in Korea that will support the growth of the company's memory and advanced logic business.  The company also announced plans to expand its capacity in the U.S. and Korea.  According to the press releases, the Chinese market continues to be strong and demand for the chip is strong.  As a result of this strength, the company's revenue and earnings per share increased by more than 20%.  The company's outlook for the second half of the year, which is expected to exceed $1.3 billion, is based on continued strength in the memory and advanced logic markets.  The company's continuing to invest in its supply chain is important to our business.  The company's continued investment in its supply chain is important to our long-term growth.  The company's continued investment in its memory and advanced logic business is important to our long-term growth prospects.  The company's continued investments in its supply chain are important to our long-term growth.  For example, the company recently announced that it would be opening a new manufacturing center in Korea.  As part of this investment, Axcelis agreed to pay a $1.3 billion civil penalty.  The company also agreed to pay a $1 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by David Duley and Mark Miller of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or selling an investment by using Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering