On August 6, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an order for a second round of advanced packaging products.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the second quarter of 2020, China-based microelectronics manufacturer, ACM Research, Inc., received an order for a new round of advanced packaging products.  According to the SEC's complaint, ACM Research and its CFO, Dr. David Wang, were among the first to receive orders for the new round of advanced packaging products.  The complaint further alleges that ACM Research and its CFO, Mark McKechnie, were among the first to receive orders for this new round of advanced packaging products.  As a result, ACM Research and its CFO, Gary Dvorchak, were among the first to receive orders.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, charges ACM Research and its CFO with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges ACM Research with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges ACM Research with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  The complaint charges ACM Research with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ACM Research and its CFO have agreed to settle the SEC's charges.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Gary Dvorchak and supervised by C.J. Kerstetter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.