On August 5, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that China-based microcap manufacturer ACM Research, Inc. ("ACM") has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to acquire ACM for a total of $1.5 billion.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that China-based ACM was not able to access ACM's supply chain to meet demand for its core cleaning products.  The complaint further alleges that ACM was unable to access ACM's supply chain because of a supply chain constraint.  The complaint further alleges that ACM did not acquire ACM's core cleaning products.  The SEC's complaint charges ACM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ACM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $1.5 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Gary Dvorchak and supervised by Chedly C. Dumornay.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using an investor.gov to quickly identify whether or not they are registered professionals. The SEC's complaint charges ACM with violating Section 17(a)