On November 4, 2020, Exantas Capital Corp. ("Exantas") announced that it has agreed to pay a $3.4 million dividend to settle a long-running loan default and to restructure its portfolio.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $1.4 billion dividend to settle a long-running loan default.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition of Exantas, which was announced in August, the company's portfolio of 105 commercial real estate loans was at $1.7 billion at the end of the second quarter.  The company's loan portfolio is currently at risk of default and the company is actively working to restructure the portfolio.  As part of this process, the company agreed to pay a $1.4 million dividend to settle a long-standing loan default.  As part of this settlement, the company agreed to pay a dividend of $1.4 per share.  The company's available liquidity is approximately $225 million, including $150 million of unrestricted cash and $75 million of availability on the senior unsecured notes.  As a result of the settlement, the company's available liquidity increased from the second quarter to the third quarter.  The company's available liquidity was approximately $225 million at September 30, including $150 million of unrestricted cash, $75 million of availability on the senior secured loans and $75 million of availability on the senior secured notes.  As a result of the settlement of the loan default, the company's available liquidity has increased from the second quarter to the third quarter, and the company's available liquidity has increased from the third quarter to the fourth quarter.  As a result of the settlement, Exantas' loan portfolio has declined by approximately $3.4 million since the second quarter of 2018.  The company's available liquidity is currently $225 million, including $150 million in unrestricted cash and $75 million of availability on its senior unsecured notes.  The company's available liquidity is currently about $225 million, including $150 million of available cash and $75 million of availability on our senior unsecured notes.  The company is actively looking at new loans, particularly multifamily related loans.  The company's financial statements and operating results for the third quarter of 2020 reflect the ongoing impact of COVID-19 as well as the positive progress we continue to make.  The company's financial statements also reflect the positive progress we have made in the second quarter.  The company's liquidity is approximately $225 million, including $100 million of available cash and $150 million of availability on its senior unsecured loans.  The company's available liquidity is about $225 million.  The company's