On August 10, 2020, Acelrx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced that it has received approval from the U.S. Department of Defense for DSUVIA for the management of acute pain in adults during dental and oral surgery.  The company also announced that it has signed a distribution and promotion agreement with Zimmer Biomet for DSUVIA.  The agreement provides for DSUVIA placement in all of the U.S. Army sets, kits and outfits associated with future U.S. Army deployments.  The company also announced that it had received approval for DSUVIA in a clinical trial.  The FDA's approval of DSUVIA was the high case and our internal projections with preliminary expectations at initial stocking orders from U.S. Army SKOs alone will approximate $30 million over the next 3 years.  The company also announced that it has received an order for up to 12,200 boxes or 122,000 single dose applicators.  The company is continuing to work with the U.S. Department of Defense to develop DSUVIA.  The company also announced that it has entered into a distribution and promotion agreement with Zimmer Biomet that will allow it to be used in all of the U.S. Army surgical centers.  The company's plans for DSUVIA include: Increasing the use of DSUVIA in the hospital and ambulatory surgery centers; increasing the number of patients using DSUVIA; increasing the number of surgeries performed with DSUVIA; increasing the availability of DSUVIA; increasing the use of DSUVIA in hospital and ambulatory surgery centers;&nbsp; increasing the number of procedures performed with DSUVIA;&nbsp; increasing the availability and efficacy of DSUVIA;&nbsp;  Increasing the number of patients using DSUVIA, including elderly patients, and increasing the number of procedures performed with it.&nbsp; Increasing the availability and efficacy of DSUVIA in the hospital and outpatient surgery centers;&nbsp; Increasing the number of patients using DSUVIA with DSUVIA.&nbsp; Increasing availability and efficacy of DSUVIA; increasing DSUVIA availability and availability;&nbsp;  Increasing the availability and efficacy of DSUVIA with DSUVIA; Increasing availability and efficacy;&nbsp; Increasing availability of DSUVIA