On March 2, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX), a medical device company, announced that it has agreed to pay $1.1 billion to settle regulatory charges related to its use of opioid analgesics.  The SEC also announced that AcelRx has agreed to pay $2.5 million to settle regulatory charges related to its use of DSUVIA.  According to the SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, DSUVIA is an opioid analgesic that is intended to treat moderate to severe acute pain.  The complaint alleges that DSUVIA is extremely effective and effective.  The complaint further alleges that DSUVIA is expensive and requires the patient to be assigned to a bed where they can be monitored.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, AcelRx has agreed to settle the charges without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges AcelRx with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, AcelRx agreed to settle the case without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint. The settlement is subject to court approval.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia announced criminal charges against AcelRx.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Ed Arce with the assistance of the Market Abuse Unit's Analysis and Detection Center.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Arce.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.