On April 20, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Acme United Corp. ("Acme") announced that it has agreed to pay $1.3 million to acquire Spill Magic for $7 million.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acme United's acquisition of Spill Magic in March 2016 generated over $1.3 million in revenue.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleges that the acquisition of Spill Magic generated approximately $1.3 million in revenue and generated approximately $6 million in free cash flow.  According to the complaint, the Spill Magic acquisition was the catalyst for the company's strong first quarter of 2017.  The complaint alleges that the Spill Magic business had a strong first quarter and net income increased 17% over last year.  The complaint further alleges that the Spill Magic business had a significant decline in sales in the first quarter of 2016.  The complaint alleges that the SpillMagic business had a significant decline in the first quarter of 2016.  The SEC's complaint charges Acme United with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acme United has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Richard Dearnley and Paul Driscoll of the SEC's Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.