On May 13, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. ("ACV").  According to the complaint, ACV Auctions was founded in 2015 with the goal of building the most trusted and efficient digital marketplace for used vehicles.  The complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of this year, ACV Auctions generated revenue of $69 million, which generated 64% year-over-year growth.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter of this year, ACV Auctions had a significant decline in the number of cars sold to dealers.  The complaint, however, was that ACV Auctions was the only company that had a significant presence in the U.S. market for used cars.  The complaint further alleges that ACV Auctions was the only company to have a significant presence in the U.S. marketplace for used cars.  The complaint, however, is that ACV Auctions is the only company that has ever had a significant presence in the market for used cars.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions is the only company in the U.S. that has ever had a significant presence in the used car market.  The complaint further alleges that ACV has a long runway of growth.  The complaint further alleges that, based on the nature of the complaint, ACV Auctions has a long runway of growth.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges ACV Auctions with Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  The complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1, 13a-11 and 13a-13 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by William Zerella and John Colantuoni of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by George Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office