On May 11, 2022, Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) announced that it filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on May 11, 2022.  The company also announced that it received a $23 million non-diluted funding to support its ongoing clinical trial of ibezapolstat, our leading antibiotic candidate for the treatment of patients with C. difficile infections.  The company also announced that its second drug, vancomycin, failed the Phase 3 primary endpoint and their second drug, metronidazole, failed as well.  The company also announced that its third drug, ibezapolstat, failed the Phase 2b trial.  The company's first quarter financial results for the first quarter of 2022 were included in a press release issued earlier this morning.  The company's financial results for the first quarter of 2022 were also included in the press release.  The company's first quarter financial results were reported on March 31, 2022.  The company's second quarter financial results for the first quarter were reported on March 31, 2022.  According to the company's press release, in the first quarter, more patients were enrolled in the trial of ibezapolstat compared to oral vancomycin with no recurrence of infection at the end of a 10-day treatment for C. diff.  The company's second drug, ACX-375C, was approved as part of an omnibus bill that was recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives.  The company's second drug is being developed in partnership with Leiden University Medical Center.  The company's second drug is being tested in a clinical trial that is being conducted in the U.S. by a consortium of pharmaceutical companies.  The company's second drug is being evaluated in a clinical trial that is being conducted in partnership with the Leiden University Medical Center.  The company is evaluating the safety and efficacy of this drug.  The company's second drug is being designed to treat C. diff.  The company's first drug is being developed in the U.S. under a $500 million grant to the Leiden University Medical Center with Acurx as its consortium partner.  The second drug is being developed in partnership with the Leiden University Medical Center with the goal of improving the safety and efficacy of ibezapolstat.  The company's first drug is being tested in a clinical trial of oral ibezapolstat, compared to oral vancomycin, a standard of care to treat CDI.  The primary endpoint of the Phase 2b trial is clinical cure of C. diff.  The secondary endpoint is sustained clinical cure measured at day 38 follow-up visits.  Since this is a double-blind trial, results will not be known until the end of the trial.