On August 4, 2020, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency court order halting the development of a cell therapy for ovarian cancer.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Adaptimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADAP), a biopharmaceutical company based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, failed to timely submit a BLA for its first-generation engineered TCR cell therapy for solid tumors.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Adaptimmune failed to timely submit the BLA for its first-generation TCR cell therapy for solid tumors.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Adaptimmune has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Adaptimmune with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Adaptimmune agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's findings, Adaptimmune agreed to the entry of a judgment permanently enjoining it from future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and ordering it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest and a civil penalty.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Elliot Norry and supervised by Danya Hail.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Rawcliffe and Mr. Norry.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.