On March 12, 2020, the company announced that it has hired an external CIO to lead its digital transformation efforts.  The company also announced that it has hired an internal VP of Investor Relations to lead its digital transformation efforts.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition of Adobe, which is a subscription-based business, the company's revenue and earnings per share declined in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019.  The company also announced that it had agreed to pay a $1.2 billion civil penalty in the second half of fiscal year 2019.  The company's revenue and earnings per share increased by 19% year-over-year.  The company's digital transformation efforts are continuing.  The company's digital transformation efforts are being bolstered by the addition of an external CIO, an internal VP of Investor Relations, and the addition of an internal VP of Sales.  The company's digital transformation efforts continue.  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, Adobe reported record revenue of $3.09 billion, which represents 19% year-over-year growth.  In the second quarter of fiscal year 2019, the company reported record quarterly revenue of $3.09 billion, a 19% year-over-year increase.  The company's digital transformation efforts have been aided and abetted by strong customer acquisition and the addition of an external VP of Investor Relations.  The company's digital transformation efforts continue to be bolstered by the addition of an internal VP of Investor Relations.  The company's new CIO, Shantanu Narayen, will lead the company's digital transformation efforts.  The company's new VP of Investor Relations, John Rymas, will lead the digital transformation efforts.  The company appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The company's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Adobe.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage people to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.