On May 9, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against a company that has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire a clinical trial of ZYNLONTA.  The complaint alleges that ZYNLONTA is uniquely positioned to be used in the third line, third line plus setting of cancer treatment.  According to the complaint, ZYNLONTA has the potential to be used in a number of clinical trials, including one in the U.S. and one in Europe.  The complaint further alleges that ZYNLONTA's unique product profile is distinguished from other products used in the third line, third line and fourth line plus setting.  ZYNLONTA has the potential to create value, streamline operations, and reduce operating expenses.  ZYNLONTA has the opportunity to be used in earlier lines of therapy, where there is a significant unmet need among patients not able to tolerate full doses of R-CHOP.  ZYNLONTA's unique clinical profile is distinguished from other products used in third line, third line plus and fourth line plus.  ZYNLONTA's unique product profile and non-overlapping toxicity profiles make it particularly attractive for community users.  ZYNLONTA has a long history and tremendous scientific expertise.  The SEC complaint alleges that ZYNLONTA was not developed in a clinical setting and that ZYNLONTA is not developed in a clinical setting.  ZYNLONTA is not developed in an academic setting.  ZYNLONTA is developed in a clinical setting where there is a significant unmet need for cancer treatment.  ZYNLONTA has a unique clinical profile.  ZYNLONTA has a uniquely differentiated product profile.  ZYNLONTA is uniquely positioned to drive value in the community.  ZYNLONTA has a history of successful clinical trials.  ZYNLONTA has a track record of successful trials.  ZYNLONTA has shown promise in clinical trials, and ZYNLONTA has shown promise in the community setting.  ZYNLONTA has demonstrated promise in the clinical trial.  ZYNLONTA has shown promising efficacy in patients with relapse or refractory lung cancer.  ZYNLONTA has demonstrated promising safety and efficacy.  ZYNLONTA has demonstrated a track record of success in clinical trials.  ZYNLONTA also showed promise in the community setting.  ZY