On June 1, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has acquired Advanced Microelectronics, Inc., a microcap company, for a total of $1.5 billion.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Advanced Microelectronics (AMI) and its chief executive officer, Vincent Roche, raised the price of AMI to $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2018.  According to the complaint, AMI is one of the few semiconductor companies that has been able to generate above-market revenue in its core business.  The complaint further alleges that AMI is one of the few companies that has been able to drive revenue growth in its core business.  AMI is one of the few companies to be able to generate above-market revenue.  The complaint further alleges that AMI was one of the few to be able to generate above-market revenue when it was struggling.  AMI is one of the few to be able to achieve above-market revenue.  AMI is one of the few that has been able to achieve above-market revenue growth.  The complaint, however, is that AMI has not been able to achieve that level of revenue growth.  The complaint is that AMI has not been able to generate above-market revenue growth.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges AMI with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges AMI with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5.  The complaint charges AMI with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges AMI with violating Rule 10b-5.  The complaint also charges AMI with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act.  The complaint charges AMI with aiding and abetting AMI's violations of the antifraud provisions.  The complaint charges AMI with violating Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act.  The complaint also charges AMI with aiding and abetting ADI’s violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of allegedly ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and