On August 9, 2023, ADMA Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, announced that it has raised its guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  The company's CEO, Adam Grossman, and its CFO, Brian Lenz, announced that the company had raised its guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to Grossman, ASCENIV is the first type of immunoglobulin to be approved by the FDA for use in the primary immune deficient patient population.  The company's research and development teams have been working on ASCENIV for years.  The company's research and development teams are continuing to develop and market the immunoglobulin product.  The company's clinical trials are progressing well.  The company's revenue has increased by more than 77% since the company was founded.  The company's stock price increased by more than 80% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue has increased by 77% since the company was founded in 2014.  The company's stock price increased by 80% in the second quarter.  As a result of this growth, ADMA's revenue has increased by more than 77%.  The company's stock price increased by about 80% during the second quarter.  The company's stock price increased by approximately 80% in the second quarter.  According to Grossman, the company's revenue has increased by more than 80% since the company's inception.  The company's stock price has also increased by more than 80% since the start of the year.  The company's stock price has increased by about 80% since the start of the year, and the company's stock price has increased by more than 80%.  The company's revenue has increased by about 77% since the start of the year.  As a result of this increase, ADMA's revenue has increased by about 80% since the beginning of the year.  The company's earnings release today, which was issued on August 9, 2023, detailed the company's progress with ASCENIV.  The company's stock price has increased more than 80% since the company's inception in 2014.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since then.  The company's stock price has increased 80% since the start of the year.  The company's stock price has increased by approximately 80% since the beginning of the year.  As a result of this, ADMA's revenue has increased by approximately 77%.  The company's stock price has increased by 80% since the start of the year.