The company today announced that it has raised its guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  The company's CEO, Jason Black, and CFO, Don McGuire, both of whom are currently in charge of the company's global operations, have agreed to be permanently enjoined from making material changes to the company's business model.  According to Black, the company's growth has been particularly strong in the mid-market, where the company's core business is located.  As a result of these investments, the company's revenue has increased by more than 10% year-on-year.  As a result of those investments, the company's revenue has increased.  As a result, the company's revenue has increased.  According to Black, the company's bookings increased by more than 100% in the third quarter.  As a result of these investments, our revenue has increased by more than 10%.  As a result of these investments, our bookings increased by more than 100% year-on-year.  The company's profitability has also improved.  As a result of these investments, ADP's revenue has increased by more than 50% year-on-year.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York today announced criminal charges against Jason Black.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of the potential impact of any changes to the company's business model.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be wary of investment decisions that may impact the company's profitability.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investment decisions by using the SEC Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.