On the call today, Debra McMullen, Agilent Technologies, Inc.'s President and CEO, shared with Rachel Vatnsdal some of the highlights of the company's financial results.  According to her, Agilent's business has grown substantially since 2015.  According to her, the company's growth rate has accelerated since 2015.  As she described in her prepared remarks, Agilent's growth has been driven by the fact that it has a large and diversified customer base.  As she described, Agilent's business is driven by the science and the technology.  As she described, Agilent is a leader in the space of biopharmaceutical services.  The company's growth rate has accelerated since 2015, and Agilent's share price has increased substantially since 2015.  The company's share price has increased substantially since 2015, and Agilent's revenue has increased substantially since 2015.  The company is now at $1.5 billion in revenue.  The company's share price has increased significantly since 2015.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since 2015.  As discussed in the prepared remarks, Agilent's share price has increased significantly since 2015, and the company's share price has increased substantially.  The company's share price has increased, and Agilent's share price has declined, as well.  The company's stock price has declined, and the company's revenue has declined.  The company's stock price has declined significantly since 2015.  The company's stock is down more than 40 percent since 2015.  The company's stock price is down more than 50 percent since 2015.  The company's outlook for the second half of the year is bleak.  The company's stock price has declined more than 40 percent since 2015.  The stock price has declined more than 50 percent since 2015.  According to Vatnsdal, Agilent's share price has declined more than 80 percent since 2015.  The company's share price is down more than 40 percent since 2015, and the company's stock price has declined more than 50 percent.  The company's stock price has declined by more than 40 percent since 2015.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Agilent.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investment in biopharmaceuticals.  The SEC's Office of Market Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investing in biopharmaceuticals.  The Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued a Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering investments using Investor.gov