On May 23, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has acquired Agilent Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, for a total of $1.72 billion.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, alleges that Agilent's business in China, where it was previously headquartered, was not performing as expected in the first half of fiscal year 2023.  According to the SEC's complaint, Agilent's business in China was down 16% in the first half of fiscal year 2023, partially offset by strong demand in the U.S. and China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the District of Columbia, charges that Agilent's business in China was not performing as expected.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, charges that the company's business in China was not performing as expected in the first half.  The SEC's complaint charges that Agilent's business in China is not performing as well as it should have been.  The SEC's complaint charges that the company's business in China is not performing as expected.  The complaint charges that Agilent's core business in China is not performing as well as expected.  The complaint also charges that Agilent's core business in the U.S. is not performing as well as it should have.  The complaint charges that Agilent is not performing as well as it should have in the first half of the year.  The complaint charges that Agilent has not performed as well as it should have.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia today announced criminal charges against Agilent.  The SEC's complaint charges that, among other things, Agilent violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges that Agilent violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The complaint charges that Agilent Technologies has not performed as well as it should have in the past.  The complaint charges that it has not performed as well as expected in the first half of the year.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Agilent has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains