On October 19, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Alcoa Corporation for violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Alcoa and its CEO, Carolyn Harvey, violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint alleges that Alcoa and its CEO violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that Alcoa violated the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act. The complaint alleges that Alcoa violated the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b2-3 thereunder, and that Alcoa violated Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Alcoa and its CEO have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Alcoa and its CEO have consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining them from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act. The final judgment also prohibits Alcoa and its CEO from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17 of the Securities Act. The final judgment also orders Alcoa to pay a $1.4 billion civil penalty. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Emily Oplinger with the assistance of Scott Frost of the Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Ms. Oplinger. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.