On November 12, 2020, The Equity Group announced that it has completed the acquisition of Huanqiuyimeng, a leading international education service provider.  The company's third quarter and nine-month financial results for the period were announced on November 12, 2020.  The company's Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 12, 2020.  According to the company's press release, Huanqiuyimeng and Huanqiuyimeng were acquired in a short-term online boot camp program in China in August 2019.  As a result of the acquisition, Huanqiuyimeng's enrollment increased by 58.2% and Huanqiuyimeng's share repurchase program increased by 58.2%.  The company's financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2020 were impacted by the continuing impact of a COVID-19 outbreak on China.  The company's financial results for the period include a 58.4% sequential decrease in credit hours delivered compared to the prior year period.  The company's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, the benefits of the Huanqiuyimeng acquisition, the costs associated with the Huanqiuyimeng acquisition, and the implementation of the share repurchase program were all factors contributing to the company's successful navigation of the public health situation in China.  The company's second quarter and nine-month financial results for the third quarter of 2020 were also impacted by the continuing COVID-19 outbreak.  The company's second quarter and nine months financial results for the third quarter and nine months of 2020 were impacted by the continuing COVID-19 pandemic.  The company's third quarter and nine months financial results for the period were impacted by a 58.4% sequential increase from the prior year period.  The company's second quarter financial results for the period were also impacted by a 58.2% sequential increase in credit hours delivered.  The company's third quarter financial results for the period were impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and Huanqiuyimeng's suspension or termination of the share repurchase program.  The company's fourth quarter financial results for the period were impacted by a 46.2% sequential increase in credit hours delivered and a 58.2% sequential decrease in the number of portfolio training credit hours delivered.  The company's second quarter financial results were impacted by a 58.2% sequential decrease in credit hours delivered.  The company's fourth quarter financial results were impacted by a 46.2% sequential decrease.  The company's third quarter financial results were impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak