On March 28, 2022, Aadi Bioscience, Inc. ("Aadi") announced that it has entered into an agreement to pay a $72.5 million settlement to settle a pending litigation action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Tampa, Florida on March 28, 2022, Aadi had difficulty recruiting patients for its new trial of nab-sirolimus, a combination of adagrasib and nab-sirolimus, a treatment for advanced malignant PEComa.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Aadi had difficulty recruiting patients.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges Aadi with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Aadi has agreed to pay a $72.5 million settlement, which is subject to court approval. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Aadi with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Aadi has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1 and 13a-11 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's complaint charges Aadi with violating Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder. The SEC seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Neil Desai and supervised by Ansu Banerjee of the Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Andrea Giacobello. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.