On May 12, 2022, Aadi Bioscience, Inc. ("Aadi") announced positive first-quarter financial results for its first-quarter clinical trial.  According to the company's press release announcing the launch of the clinical trial, Aadi Bioscience's product, FYARRO, was the first and only FDA-approved drug specifically indicated for advanced malignant PEComa.  According to the company's press release, FYARRO has been well received by patients and their treating physicians alike.  In the first quarter of this year, the company reported positive first-quarter sales of FYARRO.  In the second quarter, the company reported positive first-quarter net sales of FYARRO.  In the third quarter, the company reported positive first-half net sales of FYARRO.  The company also reported positive first-half net sales.  The company's stock price increased more than 20% in the first half of the year.  The company's stock price also increased, as well.  The company's stock price rose more than 20% in the first half of this year.  The company's stock price increased about 30% in the second half of the year.  The company's cash position remained strong at approximately $130 million.  The company's revenue increased by 28% in the first quarter.  The company's stock price increased by more than 20% in the second quarter.  The company's stock price increased about 20% in the third quarter.  The company's Board of Directors approved FYARRO on February 22, 2022.  The company's Board of Directors also approved FYARRO on February 22.  The Board of Directors also approved FYARRO on March 22.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy today issued an Investor Alert about the safety and efficacy of FYARRO.  The SEC's Office of Clinical Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the safety and effectiveness of FYARRO.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment by using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether or not they are qualified for an advisory approval. and check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to check the background