On July 25, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Arlington Asset Investment Corporation (ARTA) announced that it has raised its dividend by $0.05 per share in the second quarter of 2018.  The company's second quarter earnings call was conducted by Rachel Nolan with assistance from Trevor Cranston.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of 2018, the company raised its dividend by approximately $0.05 per share, reflecting the impact of rising interest rates on the value of its fixed rate agency MBS portfolio.  According to the SEC's complaint, the company's interest rate swap position enabled it to hedge against rising rates by locking in to a long-term fixed rate swap position at a higher rate.  The complaint alleges that the company's interest rate swap position helped mitigate the impact of rising rates on the value of its agency MBS portfolio.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the company's interest rate swap position increased 50 basis points, resulting in a net loss of $0.13 per share.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $0.05 per share.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Rachel Nolan, Trevor Cranston, and Rachel Nolan of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Rachel Nolan.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.