On April 22, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), a now-defunct U.S.-based airline, announced that it would restructure its network and add new, more fuel-efficient aircraft.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that American Airlines failed to maintain sufficient capacity to meet demand for its long-haul services.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that American Airlines failed to adequately account for the declining demand for its long-haul services.  According to the complaint, American Airlines had to restructure its network to meet the demand for its long-haul services.  As a result, the company's capacity has declined significantly since the start of the year.  The SEC's complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restructure its network.  The final judgment permanently restrains the airline's ability to meet or exceed its obligations under Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Scott Frost, Kelly L. Gibson, and Cheryl T. Pollock of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.