The Amanda's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company returned significant capital to shareholders.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 8.5%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had increased its lease portfolio by 80% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 11.2%.  The company's financial results, which are consistent with the company's first half financial results, reflect that.  The company's second half financial results were up 11.2% year-over-year, and the company returned significant capital to shareholders by repurchasing 1.84 million shares of its common stock.  The company's second half financial results, however, were down 8.5% year-over-year.  The company's second half financial results for the second quarter of 2020 were up 11.2%.  The company's second half financial results were down 11.2% year-over-year.  In the second half of the year, the company's lease portfolio was up 11.2%.  The company's financial performance for the second half of the year was better than we had anticipated.  The company's second half financial performance was better than we had expected.  The company's second half financial results are better than we had anticipated.  The company raised its full-year same store revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for the second half of the year.  The company's second half financial performance is better than we had anticipated.  The company is continuing to invest in its core business, which includes its in-store and online decisioning platforms.  The company's second half financial performance has been better than we had anticipated.  The company has raised its full-year revenue and earnings outlook for the second half of the year and the first half of the year.  The company's first half financial results were better than we had anticipated.  The second half financial results were better than we had expected.  The company returned significant capital to shareholders.  The third quarter financial results were better than we had anticipated.