The Joyce's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company's CEO, Cheryl Lindsay, and CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from the Retail Strategy Task Force, both of whom are also from the Retail Strategy Task Force, agreed to participate in the second quarter earnings call to provide an update on the company’s financial performance and outlook for the second half of the year.  The company also agreed to pay a $3.9 million civil penalty in the second quarter.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $3.9 million in the second half of the year.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The company also agreed to pay a penalty of $3.9 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval, and the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties will be determined by the court at a later date.  The settlement is subject to court approval and the court will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The company also agreed to a civil penalty of $3.9 million.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Cheryl Lindsay.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Janet Caintic, Cheryl Lindsay, and Kelly Wall of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC’s investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments using the SEC’s investor.govÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.