On May 4, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it filed a Form 10-Q with the SEC for the first quarter of 2017.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2017, AAON, Inc. ("AAON"), Chief Executive Officer Norman Asbjornson, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President of Sales, Ruth Asbjornson, and Chief Accounting Officer, Rebecca Thompson, raised the price of water-source heat pumps to $69 million. The complaint alleges that, as a percentage of sales, AAON's revenue was up 0.8% in the first and second quarter of 2017. The complaint further alleges that, in the third quarter, the company recorded $1.1 million in excess tax benefits. The complaint further alleges that, in the fourth quarter, the company recorded $11.6 million in sales, compared to $11.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the softness in the market in the fourth quarter, some of those orders were delayed by a little bit. The complaint further alleges that, in the first and second quarter, the company recorded $1.8 million in excess tax benefits. The complaint alleges that, in the third and fourth quarters, the company recorded $1.9 million in excess tax benefits. The complaint alleges, however, that the company did not manage to the margin; we managed to the final dollars. The complaint alleges that, in the third quarter, we recorded $1.9 million in excess tax benefit. The complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, we had an unexpected slowdown in the number of units sold. The complaint alleges that, in the first and second quarter of 2017, we did not manage to the margin; we let the margin slip and go for some more volume. The complaint further alleges that, in the second half of the year, we had 378 water-source heat pumps, compared to 63 a year ago. The complaint alleges that, in the first half of 2017, we raised prices and went for margin. The complaint alleges that, in the second and third quarters, we raised prices and went for margin. In the third and fourth quarters, the complaint alleges, we raised prices and went for margin, and in the fourth quarter, we raised prices and went for margin again. The complaint alleges that, in the second half of 2017, we raised prices again and went for margin again. The complaint alleges, however, that, in the third and fourth quarters, we did not go up with a price increase. The complaint alleges that, in the fourth and third quarters, we did not go up with a selective price increase. The complaint alleges that,