On November 16, 2020, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), a North American auto parts company, announced strong quarterly comparable store sales growth and a double-digit increase in earnings per share.  The company also announced that it had entered into a multi-year agreement to sell DieHard battery in more than 2,200 U.S. locations.  The company also announced that it would be acquiring a new battery supplier.  The company also announced that it would roll out a new engine management system.  The company also announced that it would acquire a new battery supplier.  The company's financial results, which are subject to change, were materially improved in the third quarter.  The company also announced that it would invest $1.7 million in a new engine management system.  The company's financial results, however, were not as strong as we had anticipated.  As a result, the company's net sales declined in the third quarter.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's adjusted operating income margin increased.  As a result, the company's stock price increased.  The company's adjusted operating income per share increased, and the company's adjusted operating income per share increased by 19%.  The company's financial results, however, remain below the company's historical levels.  The company's continuing to invest in its supply chain, inventory positioning, and in its dynamic assortment tool helped drive the company's strong performance in the third quarter.  As a result, the company's adjusted operating income per share increased in the quarter.  The company's continuing to invest in the supply chain, inventory positioning, and in our dynamic assortment tool helped drive the company's stronger performance in the third quarter.  The company's continued investment in its supply chain, inventory positioning and in its dynamic assortment tool helped enable it to deliver a double-digit profit per store in the third quarter.  The company's continuing to expand its footprint in the U.S. and Canada.  The company's continuing to invest in our supply chain, inventory positioning, and in our new engine management system.  The company's continued investment in its core business has enabled it to deliver double-digit revenue growth in the third quarter.  As a result of these investments, the company's adjusted operating income per share has increased by 37 basis points since the third quarter.  The company's continued investments in its core business have enabled it to deliver double-digit growth in the third quarter.  The company's ongoing investment in its core business has enabled it to generate double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter.  The company's continued investments in our core business have enabled it to generate double-digit revenue growth.  The company's continuing