On July 21, 2015, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of New York today announced criminal charges against Apple's former CEO.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordered Apple to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and ordered Apple to pay a civil penalty.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered Apple to disgorge ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, ordered Apple to pay a civil penalty, and ordered Apple to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $100,000.  The Honorable Judge also granted a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering Apple to pay a civil penalty of $100,000, and ordering Apple to pay a civil penalty of $50,000.  The Honorable Judge also ordered Apple to pay a civil penalty of $100 million.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the federal securities laws.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations and ordered Apple to pay a civil penalty of $150,000.