On October 31, 2018, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Assets Trust, Inc. ("AAT"), a San Diego-based real estate investment trust, and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ernest Rady, violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint further alleges that Rady and his company violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that Rady and his company violated Rule 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint alleges that Rady and his company violated Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and that Rady and his company violated Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Rady and his company consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and orders Rady to pay a civil penalty of $0.01 per square foot.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Rady and his company with violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Scott Frost and Mark Dee and supervised by Scott Frost and Mark Dee.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of California and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.