On July 28, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that American Assets Trust, Inc. ("AAT"), a Washington, D.C.-based real estate investment trust, announced positive first-quarter financial results.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Bellevue, Washington, the company's portfolio was hit and miss in the first half of last year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Washington, alleges that the company's portfolio was hit and miss during the first half of last year.  In the second quarter, the company reported that occupancy at the Embassy Suites Hotel in Waikiki, which is located in the heart of the U.S. West and Canada, was at 87% occupancy.  The SEC's complaint, however, is that the company's strategy at the time was to keep it around 87%, 88% occupancy, and then we push rate.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Washington, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Washington today announced criminal charges against the defendant.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendant with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the defendant has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins him from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Todd Marhta and Carol Sansone of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. and Ms. Sansone and Ms. Sansone.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on this matter.