Ronny Gal - The New York office of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York announced today that it filed a civil injunctive action against Abbott Laboratories, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, and its former CEO, Robert Branda.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, Abbott and Branda Severino failed to disclose that Abbott and Branda Severino, Abbott's former CEO and former CFO, had failed to disclose that Abbott and Branda had failed to disclose that Abbott had failed to disclose that Abbott and Branda were targeting Abbott and Branda Severino as well.  Abbott and Branda Severino also failed to disclose that Abbott and Branda were not targeting Abbott and Branda Severino.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, alleges that Abbott and Branda Severino violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Abbott and Branda Severino have agreed to settle the matter. Abbott and Branda Severino have agreed to pay $1.5 million in disgorgement, $1.8 million in prejudgment interest, and to pay a civil injunctive action against Abbott and Branda Severino.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  Abbott and Branda Severino agreed to pay $1.8 million in disgorgement, $1.9 million in prejudgment interest, and $1.8 million in civil injunctive relief.  Abbott and Branda Severino have also agreed to pay $1 million in disgorgement, $1 million in prejudgment interest, and a $1 million civil injunctive action against Abbott.  Abbott and Branda Severino have agreed to a $1.5 million civil injunctive action against Abbott and $1.8 million in prejudgment interest against Abbott and Branda Severino.  Abbott and Branda Severino also agreed to pay a civil injunctive action and a $1 million civil injunctive penalty.  Abbott and Branda Severino also have agreed to pay a civil injunctive action, and Abbott and Branda Severino agreed to settle the civil injunctive action.  Abbott and Branda Severino agreed, without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint, to pay a civil injunctive action and to pay a civil injunctive penalty.