On the third quarter earnings call, Nicole Stokes, Ameris Bancorp's Chief Financial Officer, discussed the company's financial performance and how it's positioned for the future.  According to the company's press release, in the third quarter, the company reported record-high loan growth.  According to the company's earnings release, the company's asset quality and profitability improved significantly in the third quarter.  The company also reported record-high loan production.  According to the SEC's press release, the company's asset quality improved significantly in the third quarter.  As a result, the company's net income increased by $1.4 million, which is a significant increase from the second quarter.  The company's net income increased by $1.8 million, which is a significant improvement from the second quarter.  The company's profitability improved, however, as a result of the asset quality improvement.  The company's profitability improved, as well.  In the fourth quarter, the company reported net income of $83.9 million or $4.23 per diluted share, which was up from $84.3 million in the second quarter.  The company's revenue increased by $1.8 billion in the third quarter.  The company's asset quality improved, as well.  The company's profitability improved, and the company's asset quality improved.  The company's profitability improved, as a result of the asset quality improvement that we saw in the third quarter.  The company's profitability improved, and as a result of the asset quality improvement, the company's profitability increased.  The company's outlook for the remainder of the year is positive.  The company's revenue increased by $7.8 million in the third quarter.  The company's adjusted operating income increased by $1.4 million in the quarter.  The company's net income increased $12.7 million, which is an improvement from the second quarter of last year.  The company's net income declined $12.7 million.  The company's profitability improved by $1.8 million in the third quarter.  In the fourth quarter, the company's net income declined by $1.4 million.  The company's profitability improved by about $1.8 million.  The company's adjusted operating income rose by $1.4 million in the third quarter, and the company's adjusted operating income increased by $1 million in the quarter.  The company's profitability improved by $49.3 million.  The company's adjusted operating income was up by $1.4 million in the quarter and the year-to-date.  The company's adjusted operating income was