On April 10, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an IND for a gene therapy treatment for Sanfilippo syndrome type A.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in 2016 and 2017, Abeona Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO), a gene therapy company based in New York City, raised more than $13 million from investors and medical professionals in the U.S. and around the world.  According to the SEC's complaint, in 2016 and 2017, Abeona's gene therapy program was the only one in the U.S. that had a successful clinical trial.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that, contrary to the claims in the SEC's complaint, Abeona has not had a successful clinical trial.  The SEC complaint alleges that, contrary to what the SEC alleges, Abeona has not had a successful trial of its gene therapy program.  The SEC complaint further alleges that, contrary to the SEC's complaint, Abeona's clinical trial has not progressed to the point where it is ready to roll out its gene therapy program.  The SEC complaint charges Abeona with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint, Abeona has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Abeona with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief against all of the defendants.  The SEC's complaint charges all defendants with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Danielle Zavoico with the assistance of Peter Diskin of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Christina Miller.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S.