On May 8, 2017, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against Absolute Software Corporation for violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, from a sales and marketing standpoint, Absolute's technology is uniquely positioned to overcome one of the most prominent impactful and enterprise security challenges the dark end points.  The complaint alleges that, in Q3, the company reported that approximately one-third of its installed base was not yet on the premium tier, which represents a significant percentage of the total available endpoints.  The complaint further alleges that approximately one-third of the installed base was not yet on the premium tier.  The complaint further alleges that, in Q3, the number of new customers increased from zero one year ago to over 500 in Q3.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of this increase in customer demand, the number of new customers who signed up to be part of the new customer acquisition team increased from zero one year ago to over 100 in Q3.  The complaint, however, alleges that, despite this improvement, the number of new customers who signed up for the new customer acquisition team increased from 102% to 102% in Q3.  The complaint also alleges that the number of existing customers who signed up to be part of this new customer acquisition team increased from 102% to 100% in Q3.  The complaint alleges that, contrary to what the complaint alleges, approximately one-third of the new customer acquisition team was not on the premium tier.  The complaint alleges that, contrary to the complaint, approximately one-third of new customer acquisition team members were not on the premium tier.  The complaint also alleges that, contrary to the complaint, approximately two-thirds of new customer acquisition staff were not on the premium tier.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Absolute has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders a permanent injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-1 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Katherine Kwan and John Rymas of the SEC's Cyber Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Kwan and Ms. Kwan.  The SEC appreciates