On May 11, 2020, the company announced that it has suspended its share buyback program in order to help its customers deal with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.  The company also announced that it will temporarily suspend purchases of its stock in the days leading up to the end of the fiscal year.  According to the company's press release, the company's decision to suspend its share buyback program in order to help customers deal with the COVID-19 pandemic was based on customer demand for its products.  The company's decision to suspend the buyback program was based on customer demand for its products and services.  The company's decision to suspend the share buyback program was based on customer demand for the products and services.  The company's decision was based on customer demand, not customer demand.  The company's decision to suspend the stock buyback program was based on customer demand.  The company's decision to halt the buyback program was based on customer demand and customer demand for its products and services.  Without admitting or denying the company's findings, the company has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The company also agreed to pay a $75,000 civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The company's investigation was conducted by Angela Krishnaratne and Glenn S. Gordon and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The litigation will be handled by Ms. Krishnaratne and Glenn S. Gordon.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General also issued an Investor Alert on COVID-19.