On May 5, 2022, the SEC filed an emergency action against Arbutus Biopharma Corp. ("ABUS") and its CEO, Bill Collier, for undisclosed reasons.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, AB-161, our next-generation oral small molecule inhibitor, was developed by Bill and Sarah Hastings of JMP Securities, Inc. and was developed by Bill and Sarah Hastings.  The complaint alleges that AB-161 was developed with the intention of providing a functional cure for chronic hepatitis B.  According to the complaint, AB-161 significantly reduced the number of patients who received 90 milligrams of 729 every 8 weeks.  The complaint further alleges that AB-161 significantly reduced the number of patients receiving 90 milligrams of 729.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges that AB-161 violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AB-161 has been approved by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for use in the clinical trial of Hepatitis B.  The SEC's complaint charges that AB-161 violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Yuchen Ding and Diana Yip of the Boston Regional Office, and the litigation will be led by Ms. Ding and Ms. Yip.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.