On March 4, 2020, Arbutus Biopharma Corp. announced that it has entered into an agreement to conduct a Phase 2 clinical trial that will determine the efficacy and safety of its next-generation RNAi agent.  The agreement is subject to court approval.  The agreement is subject to court approval by the court.  According to the SEC's complaint, filed on March 4, 2020, Arbutus failed to disclose that it had entered into an agreement to conduct a Phase 2 trial of AB-729, a subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent that targets specific viral targets.  According to the complaint, AB-729 has demonstrated the potential to be a cornerstone drug in future HBV combination regimens.  The complaint alleges that AB-729 failed to meet certain safety and efficacy thresholds, and that AB-729 failed to meet those thresholds.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Arbutus with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Arbutus has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Keay Nakae and Julia Buchanan with the assistance of Keay Nakae.  The litigation will be handled by Julia Buchanan.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.