On November 4, 2020, Arcosa, Inc., a Texas-based construction services company, announced strong third-quarter financial results.  The company's CEO, Antonio Carrillo, and CFO, Gail Peck, announced the company's acquisition of Southwest Rock, LLC.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock was acquired in a multi-pronged strategy to grow the company's construction products and services businesses.  The acquisition generated double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in the third quarter.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock's acquisition was a positive development for the company.  As a result of the acquisitions, the company's revenue and adjusted EBITDA per share increased significantly.  As a result of these acquisitions, Arcosa's revenues and adjusted EBITDA per share increased substantially.  As a result of the acquisitions, Arcosa's revenues and EBITDA per share increased significantly.  The company's outlook for the fourth quarter and the first half of next year is favorable.  The company's outlook for the year and the first half of next year is very positive.  The company's revenue and EBITDA per share declined in the third quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA per share declined.  The company's guidance for the fourth quarter and first half of next year is unchanged from the prior year.  The company is continuing to evaluate the business and its prospects.  The company's Board of Directors has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Investor Alert to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to find information about upcoming mergers and acquisitions.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov report tool to quickly identify whether they are professionals selling or offering an investment using an investor.gov report.  The SEC's Investor.gov report to check the background of people selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.  Investors should check the background of people selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling an investment using Investor.gov