On February 24, 2020, Antonio Carillo, President and CEO of Arcosa, Inc., a Texas-based construction services company, and his co-chief operating officer, Gail Peck, agreed to participate in a conference call to discuss the company's financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020.  Antonio Carillo, President and CEO, and Gail Peck, COO of Arcosa, agreed to participate in the call by providing an update on the company's financial performance.  The company's fourth quarter and full year financial results, which were released on February 24, 2020, were all in line with our expectations.  The company's revenue and adjusted EBITDA increased 51% and 30%, respectively, in the fourth quarter and full year of 2018.  The company's revenue and EBITDA increased 51% and 30% in the fourth quarter and 30% in the full year of 2017, respectively.  The company's adjusted EBITDA increased 51% in the fourth quarter and 31% in the full year of 2018.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 51% in the fourth quarter and 30% for the full year.  The company's adjusted EBITDA was down slightly in the fourth quarter and 30% year over year.  The company's guidance for the full year and full year of 2020 is unchanged from the fourth quarter and prior year.  Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck agreed to participate in the conference call by providing an update on the company's business and financial condition.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Investor Alert to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to find an Investor Alert to find Investors in Investor.gov to quickly identify expert tips on Investor.gov to identify people selling or offering investments in Investor.gov that can find to find in Investors in that Investor.gov to learn more about Investor.gov and Investor.gov Investor.gov 