The Canadian cannabis company Aurora Cannabis announced today that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to acquire a Canadian-based medical cannabis company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition of Aurora, which is a Canadian-based medical cannabis company, the company's core business was not developed for the Canadian market.  According to the company's press release, Aurora was not developed for the Canadian market and was not developed for the U.S. market.  As a result of the acquisition, Aurora's revenues declined significantly.  According to the company's press releases, the company's revenue was down significantly from the prior quarter.  The company also announced that it would shut down its medical cannabis plant in Israel.  The company's stock price increased significantly, and the company's cash flow increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased significantly as a result of the acquisition.  The company's stock price increased significantly and the company's cash flow increased significantly.  According to the company's press release on May 12, 2019, Aurora announced that it would restructure its medical cannabis business and restructure its operations.  The company's stock price increased substantially, and the company's revenue increased substantially.  The company's stock price also increased significantly.  The company's stock price increased substantially as a result of the acquisition.  According to the press release, Aurora's stock price increased substantially and the company's revenue increased substantially.  In a parallel development, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy today announced parallel criminal charges against the company.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's investor.gov website.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using the SEC's investor.gov website.