On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion and its adjusted net income rose 15% to $1.05 per share.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that ACCO Brands did not have sufficient inventory to support the company's growth.  The complaint further alleges that ACCO Brands did not have enough inventory to support the company's growth.  As a result, ACCO Brands' sales declined in the second half of the year.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first quarter of the year was lower than initial expectations.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's stock price increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  The SEC's complaint, however, is that ACCO Brands did not have sufficient inventory in its inventory to support its growth.  The complaint, however, is that ACCO Brands' sales in North America and the U.S. were impacted by a supply chain shortage.  The complaint alleges that ACCO Brands' sales in North America were impacted by higher prices and higher inventory charges.  The complaint alleges that ACCO Brands did not have adequate inventory to support its growth.  The complaint alleges that ACCO Brands violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACCO Brands has agreed to pay over $1.5 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Christopher McGinnis and Rachel Steinke of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. McGinnis and Ms. Steinke.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov 