On July 27, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a reinsurance company.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Miami, Florida, alleges that, in the second quarter of 2018, the reinsurance company, Marc Grandisson and Francois Morin, raised the price of reinsurance to $1.92 per share to cover losses incurred in the prior quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, alleges that, in the second quarter, the reinsurance company raised the price of reinsurance by approximately $100 million.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that, in the second quarter, we raised the price of reinsurance by approximately $50 million.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in Miami, charges that the reinsurance company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Marc Grandisson and Francois Morin agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Marc Grandisson and Francois Morin have agreed to the entry of judgments that permanently enjoins them from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and orders them to pay disgorgement plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief in amounts to be determined by the court at a later date.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Yaron Kinar and supervised by Marc Grandisson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.