On April 28, 2016, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a reinsurance business. The agreement is subject to court approval.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in the first quarter of 2016, the reinsurance business was significantly impacted by the acquisition of a large property and casualty business. The complaint alleges that the reinsurance business was particularly impacted by the acquisition of the property and casualty business. The complaint further alleges that as a result of the acquisition of the property and casualty business, the reinsurance business was unable to generate sufficient revenue to cover the acquisition costs. The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges the reinsurance business with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the reinsurance business has experienced significant declines since the acquisition of the property and casualty business in 2015. The SEC's complaint charges the reinsurance business with a significant over-reporting burden. The SEC's complaint charges the reinsurance group with a significant over-reporting burden. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the reinsurance group has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of Section 17(a) of the federal securities laws. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Natalie Lyons, Marc Grandisson, and Ian Gutterman of the SEC's Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Natalie Lyons. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.