On May 4, 2022, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency court order halting an ongoing litigation action by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acadia Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC), a public healthcare company, failed to adequately address the rising demand for medication-assisted treatment for patients with mental health and substance use disorders.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that Acadia Healthcare failed to adequately allocate staff and resources to meet the growing demand for its services.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges that Acadia Healthcare failed to adequately allocate staff to certain of its services.  The SEC's complaint charges that Acadia Healthcare failed to adequately allocate its staff and resources to certain of its services.  According to the SEC's complaint, Acadia Healthcare failed to adequately allocate its staff to certain of its services.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York today unsealed criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's complaint charges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acadia Healthcare has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $150,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Cheryl Mok and Amy Gwiazda of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Gwiazda and Ms. Gwiazda.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.