On May 11, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Archer Aviation, Inc. ("Archer"), a Florida-based aerospace manufacturer, announced that it has entered into a multiyear agreement to develop and manufacture an eVTOL aircraft.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Archer and its founder, Tom Muniz, raised approximately $450 million to develop and market an eVTOL aircraft.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Archer and Muniz violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Archer and Muniz agreed to a multiyear agreement to jointly develop and market an eVTOL aircraft.  The agreement is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Aviation.  The SEC's complaint charges Archer with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Archer and Muniz consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders them to pay a civil penalty of $150,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jennifer Goldstein and supervised by Marc Blau.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using Investor.gov