OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OGXI) announced that it has completed two clinical trials that are evaluating the efficacy and safety of its flagship product, Custirsen, in combination with docetaxel treatment as second line chemotherapy in men with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.  The company also announced that it has received an FDA request to conduct an interim analysis to determine whether or not it can extend survival in a prospectively defined subgroup of men who have poor prognosis with very limited therapeutic options.  The company also announced that it had received an FDA request to conduct an interim analysis of the efficacy and safety of Custirsen.  The company also announced that it had obtained an FDA order to conduct an interim analysis of the efficacy of Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the interim analysis, Custirsen significantly outperformed the efficacy of docetaxel in this subgroup of patients.  The company also announced that it was continuing the trial in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who had poor performance status.  The company also announced that it would conduct an interim analysis of the efficacy of its flagship product, Apatorsen.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2015 were $11.1 million and $27.4 million, respectively, compared to $12 million and $44.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2014.  The company's financial results for 2015 were $11.1 million and $21.3 million, respectively.  The company's financial results for the period ending September 30, 2015 were $12.1 million and $44.3 million, respectively.  The company is continuing the trial in patients with advanced bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based chemotherapy.  The company is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Custirsen in a clinical trial that is evaluating the efficacy and safety of Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel treatment in men with metastatic bladder cancer.  The company is also evaluating the safety and efficacy of Apatorsen in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer, who have poor performance status, elevated PSA, elevated LDH, decreased hemoglobin, and the presence of liver metastasis.  The company is evaluating the safety and safety of Apatorsen in a clinical trial that is evaluating the efficacy of Custirsen.  The company is currently conducting an interim analysis of the efficacy and safety of Apatorsen.  The company is evaluating the safety and effectiveness of Apatorsen in a clinical trial.  The company