On August 6, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., a New Zealand-based company, alleging that it failed to timely approve a clinical trial of cytisinicline, a non-inferiority smoking cessation aid.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws by failing to timely approve cytisinicline as a potential leader in the smoking cessation market.  The SEC's complaint alleges that the company failed to timely approve cytisinicline, which is a combination of cytisinicline and Chantix.  According to the complaint, cytisinicline significantly increased the risk of lung disease associated with smoking compared to Chantix.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the company consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval, and the SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.