The company today announced that it has hired a new CFO to help drive the company's growth.  The company's CEO, Vivek Sankaran, and CFO, Bob Dimond, have agreed to the appointment of a new CFO to lead the company's digital and omnichannel efforts.  According to Sankaran's prepared remarks, the company's digital initiatives enabled it to capitalize on the demand for convenient and fresh meals at home.  The company's digital initiatives enabled it to capitalize on this demand.  The company also invested in a new supply chain, which enabled the company to quickly and easily acquire new customers.  In addition, the company's digital capabilities enabled it to quickly and easily acquire new customers.  The company's digital capabilities enabled it to quickly and quickly acquire new customers.  The company's digital efforts enabled it to capitalize on this demand.  In the second half of the year, the company's sales increased 16.5% year-over-year.  The company's stock price increased more than 100%, and the company's revenue increased by nearly $100 million.  The company's stock price increased by nearly $100 million in the second half of the year.  The company's stock price increased by more than $100 million.  The company's revenue increased by nearly $100 million in the second quarter.  The company's stock price increased by approximately $100 million.  The company's revenue and earnings per share increased by nearly $100 million, and the company's stock price increased by nearly $50 million.  The company's stock price increased about $100 million in the second quarter.  According to the company's prepared remarks, the company's digital capabilities enabled it to capitalize on the demand for fresh, ready-to-eat meals.  The company's digital capabilities enabled the company to capitalize on this demand.  The company's digital capabilities enabled us to quickly and easily acquire new customers.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the prepared remarks, the company has agreed to the appointment of a new CFO.  The new CFO will lead the company's digital transformation efforts.  The company also agreed to the appointment of a CFO to help facilitate the company's digital transformation efforts.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Investor Alert to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov