On October 31, 2019, the SEC filed its third quarter 2019 earnings release with the SEC. The company's earnings release, which was issued on October 31, 2019, included the company's first-quarter financial results since 2010. The company's first-quarter financial results, which were released on October 31, 2019, showed that the company's underlying loss and expense ratios remained strong. The company's second-quarter financial results, which were also released on October 31, 2019, showed that it was on track to meet or exceed its prior-year guidance. The company's third quarter net loss and expense ratios were up 47% from the same period a year ago. The company's claims handling and underwriting initiatives continued to improve, and the company's reserves for those events increased by nearly three-quarters. The company's reserves for those events were $276 million and $30 million, respectively, in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2019. The company's underlying net loss and expense ratios were down 47% year-over-year. The company's reserves for those events were conservatively set at $40 million and $30 million, respectively. The company's reserves for those events were approximately three quarters of the prior year development. The company's reserves for those events were nearly three-quarters of the prior year development. The company's reserve for those events was nearly three-quarters of the prior year development, which was a significant improvement from the first nine months of 2018. The company's reserves for those events were almost three-quarters of the prior year development, and the bulk of the prior year development was on non-hurricane cat losses. The bulk of the prior year development, about three quarters of it was on cat losses. The company's non-cat loss ratio in Florida continues to decline, not go up. And yes, we continue to take that into account when we are setting our current year reserves and how much IBNR we are going to need on Florida, which continues to be a very difficult operating environment. The way that works is, we can't get the rate for those events until you have the actual losses. The way that works is, we have put in place all of the underwriting, claims handling technology, rate, agency force management initiatives that have no precedent in the historical record. The way that works is, we have been in the business for 20 years. The way that works is we can get the rate for those events, given the development patterns we have seen in the past couple of years. The way that works is we are pricing and reserving for those events as if it will continue and working hard on the claims handling side to try to mitigate it. The way that works is, we have intentionally ramped down the growth on the personal lines and commercial lines.