On May 6, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the court's order for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Melissa Behrens.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's order for a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering the Honorable Judge to determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest, subject to court approval.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against further violations of Sections 10(b) and 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The Honorable Judge will determine the appropriate amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The Honorable Judge also granted the order for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the federal securities laws.  The Honorable Judge also granted the motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b2(b) thereunder.  The Honorable Judge is scheduled to determine the amount of disgorgement and interest that will be imposed upon the Honorable Judge.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Order for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, 13a-13, and 13a-13 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge will also determine the amount of disgorgement.  The Honorable Judge