On May 11, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed an emergency action to halt an ongoing decline in the company's revenue.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, alleges that AECOM, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Waste Management, Inc., failed to adequately invest in its core services business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that Waste Management failed to adequately invest in its core services businesses.  Waste Management's complaint, filed in the District of Columbia, alleges that Waste Management overstated the company's revenue in its first half of fiscal 2019 by more than 10%.  Waste Management's complaint, filed in the U.S., alleges that Waste Management overstated its revenue in its first half of fiscal 2019.  Waste Management's complaint alleges that Waste Management overstated its revenue in the first half of fiscal 2019.  Waste Management has a long history of declining revenue, and Waste Management has a long history of declining revenue.  Waste Management has a long history of failing to invest in its core services business.  Waste Management's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, charges Waste Management with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Waste Management has a long history of underperformance.  Waste Management has a long history of poor performance.  Waste Management has a long history of low revenue growth.  Waste Management has a long track record of poor revenue growth.  Waste Management has a long record of poor revenue growth.  Waste Management's complaint against Waste Management is particularly egregious.  Waste Management has a long history of overcharging its clients.  Waste Management has a long history of making bad decisions.  Waste Management has a long history of bad decisions.  Waste Management has a long track record.  Waste Management has a long record of overcharging its clients.  Waste Management had a long track record of overcharging its clients, and Waste Management has a long track record of overcharging its clients.  Waste management has a long track record of undercharging its clients.  Waste Management has a history of overcharging.  Waste Management has a long record of undercharging its clients.  Waste management has a history of undercharging its clients.  Waste Management is one of those companies.  Waste Management has a long track record, and Waste Management has a long record of overcharging.  Waste Management is one of those companies that has a long track record of overcharging its investors.  Waste Management has a long track record