On August 6, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an order for a second round of advanced packaging products.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the second quarter of 2020, ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACM), a Canadian-based microcap manufacturer, received an order for a new round of advanced packaging products.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of this order, ACM Research's gross margin increased from 40% in the second quarter of 2020 to 45% in the first half of 2021.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second half of 2020, ACM Research and its CFO, Sarah McKechnie, raised the price of a new round of advanced packaging products to $1.5 billion.  The complaint further alleges that ACM Research and its CFO, Kathleen Wang, raised the price of a round of advanced packaging products to $2.5 billion.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Southern District of New York, charges Kathleen Wang with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACM Research and its CFO have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and requires them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.