The company today announced strong financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal 2020.  According to the company's press release, the coronavirus threat has created a significant amount of uncertainty for our clients.  The company's financial results reflect this uncertainty.  According to the company's press release announcing the earnings, which was issued on March 19, 2020, the company's core business, which includes operations, digital, cloud and security related services, was particularly impacted by the global health crisis.  The company's press release, which was issued on March 20, 2020, detailed the impact of the coronavirus on the company's core business, including its ability to respond to the global health crisis and its impact on its clients.  The company's press release also detailed the impact of the coronavirus on its core services, including digital, cloud and security services.  The company's press release further detailed that the company is working with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to determine the appropriate timing and manner of remediation.  The SEC's continuing investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Marc Blau and supervised by Marc Blau.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC’s investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC’s Investor.gov website to quickly identify if they are registered professionals.  The SEC also encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investment decisions by using the SEC’sÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney’s office for the District of New York today announced criminal charges against one of the defendants in the case of the coronavirus.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA, the U.S. Secret Service, the U.S. Secret Service, and the U.S. Secret Service in this matter.  The SEC thanks the U.S. Secret Service for its assistance in this matter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance in this matter of the U.S. Secret Service, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the U.S. Secret Service Criminal Investigation, the U.S. Secret Service and the U.S. Secret Service.