On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced the acquisition of DanChem, a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, DanChem's business model has been unique in that it has a long history of acquiring, acquiring, and reselling products at or above market prices.  According to the company's press release, DanChem's business model was unique in that it had a long history of acquiring and reselling high-quality products at or above market prices.  As a result of this acquisition, DanChem's net sales increased by approximately thirty-two percent, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by over ten percent.  The company's Board of Directors also approved the acquisition.  According to the company's press release on November 9, 2020, DanChem was acquired by Synalloy for approximately $1.2 billion in cash and assets.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, DanChem's acquisition was an important step in the right direction.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, alleges that DanChem violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, DanChem has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Christina Tam and Paul Gizzi of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit. The litigation will be led by Mr. Tam and Ms. Tam.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.