On November 5, 2019, Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) announced that it has received FDA approval for INBRIJA, an on-demand Parkinson's drug.  According to the company's press release announcing the FDA's approval of the drug, which is subject to approval by the federal government, approximately 66% of physicians have prescribed INBRIJA to patients with Parkinson's disease.  According to the company's press release, the FDA's approval of INBRIJA increased the number of prescriptions for the drug from 66% in the first quarter of 2019 to over 80% in the second quarter of 2019.  The company also announced that it has engaged an adviser to address the issue.  The company's press release also announced that it had engaged an adviser to address the issue.  According to the SEC's press release, the FDA's approval for INBRIJA increased the number of prescriptions that physicians can give to patients.  The FDA's approval of INBRIJA is subject to approval by the federal government.  The FDA's approval is subject to approval by the court.  The FDA's approval is subject to court approval.  The company's continuing to evaluate the safety and efficacy of INBRIJA.  The company is continuing to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of INBRIJA.  The company's continuing discussions with potential partners are ongoing.  The company's continuing efforts are being led by Lauren Sabella, Chief Commercial Officer, and Carolyn Alexis, Chief of Business Operations and Principal Accounting Officer.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued anÂ Investor AlertÂ to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool onÂ Investor.gov.  The SEC'sÂ Investor AlertÂ hasÂ identifiedÂ a number of key issues with respect to the FDA'sÂ approvalÂ of INBRIJA.Â The FDA'sÂ approval of INBRIJA is subject to court approval.  The SEC'sÂ investor alertÂ hasÂ identifiedÂ several key issuesÂ with respect toÂ the FDA'sÂ approvalÂ ofÂ INBRIJA.Â The FDAÂ hasÂ issuedÂ anÂ advisoryÂ alertÂ toÂ check the background of anyone sellingÂ anÂ adviser offeringÂ onÂ anÂ adÂ inÂ anÂ adÂ adÂÂ adÂÂ adÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂ