On November 4, 2015, Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) announced that it has completed a $1.8 billion equity buyback program.  According to the company's press release announcing the buyback program, the company's core business is performing well and we expect to generate annualized returns of 10% or more in the fourth quarter.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a cash dividend of $0.64 per common share in the fourth quarter of 2015.  The company also announced that it will continue to repurchase its common stock at a discount to book value.  The company also announced that it would continue to pay a dividend of $0.64 per common share for the fourth quarter of 2015.  According to the company's press release, the stock price increased substantially over the last 10 years and the company's net income increased substantially.  As a result of the buyback program, the company's net income increased by approximately $1.8 million.  The company's financial condition deteriorated significantly in the third quarter.  The company's stock price has declined substantially since the start of the year.  The company's Board of Directors has not decided whether to continue the buyback program or to restructure the portfolio.  The company's Board of Directors also has not decided whether to restructure the portfolio.  The Board of Directors has not decided whether to restructure the portfolio or to continue the buyback program.  The Board of Directors has not decided yet whether to restructure the portfolio.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Patricia Tomasello and Lee Cooper of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Tomasello and Ms. Cooper.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of people selling investments using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.