On October 30, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a warehouse facility that will be used to facilitate the resale of unsecured real estate loans. The agreement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, alleges that the warehouse facility was designed to facilitate the resale of unsecured commercial real estate loans. According to the SEC's complaint, the warehouse facility was designed to facilitate the origination of unsecured commercial real estate loans. The complaint further alleges that the warehouse facility was developed to facilitate the resale of unsecured loans. The complaint alleges that the warehouse facility was not developed to meet the requirements of the agreement. The complaint further alleges that the warehouse facility is not fully developed. The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, charges an upfront fee of $1.1 million, which equates to approximately $0.04 per share for the third quarter of 2018. The complaint further alleges that the warehouse facility will be used for other purposes. The SEC's complaint, filed in the SEC's Eastern District of New York, charges an additional $1.2 million in upfront fees and an exit fee of $0.04 per month. The complaint alleges that the warehouse facility is not fully developed and that it is not fully developed. The complaint further alleges that the warehouse facility does not meet the requirements of the agreement. The SEC's complaint, filed in the Eastern District of New York, charges a $1.2 million upfront fee and a $1.2 million upfront fee. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's investigation was conducted by Tae-Sik Yoon and supervised by Marc Blau. The litigation will be led by Jamie Henderson. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.