On April 4, 2016, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced positive interim financial results for the first quarter of 2016.  The company also announced positive interim results for its product candidates ARX-04, sufentanil sublingual tablet, 30 micrograms, and Zalviso.  The company also announced positive interim results in the first quarter of 2016 for ARX-04.  The company also announced positive interim results from a Phase 3 clinical trial for Zalviso.  The company's plans for Zalviso are being evaluated by the U.S. Department of Defense, the European Commission, and the U.K. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company's plans are being evaluated by the U.S. Market Abuse Unit, which is conducting a clinical trial of Zalviso in the U.S. and Europe.  The U.S. Market Abuse Unit is conducting an ongoing clinical trial of Zalviso.  The company is evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Zalviso sublingual tablet.  The company's plans are being reviewed by the unit's Chief Commercial Officer, Gina Ford, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Clinical Education and Advocacy.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of Zalviso.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert on Zalviso.  The SEC's Office of Clinical Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert on Zalviso to encourage investors to use Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to find out more about Zalviso.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Department of Health and Human Services.