On March 2, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed an emergency action against AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) and its Chief Executive Officer for misleading investors about the safety and efficacy of a new opioid treatment product.  The SEC's complaint alleges that AcelRx failed to adequately assess the safety and efficacy of DSUVIA, an opioid treatment for moderate to severe acute pain.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, charges AcelRx with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AcelRx has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges AcelRx with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, AcelRx has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia today announced criminal charges against AcelRx.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Ed Arce with the assistance of the Office of Market Intelligence.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Arce and supervised by Ms. Higgins.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.