On March 7, 2016, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced that it has completed a Phase 3 clinical trial of ARX-04 and Zalviso.  The company also announced that it has signed an agreement to conduct an additional clinical trial of ARX-04 in the emergency room.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to conduct an open-label clinical trial of ARX-04.  According to the company's press release, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, ARX-04 was found to be safe and effective in acute moderate-to-severe acute pain and Zalviso was found to be safe and effective in post-operative patients.  The company also announced that it has completed a protocol review with the FDA for Zalviso, which is designed to access the overall performance of the device.  The company also announced that it has initiated an open-label clinical trial of Zalviso, which is designed to treat acute moderate-to-severe acute pain.  The company also announced that Zalviso will be available in the U.S. in the first half of 2016.  The company also announced that it has hired a CFO to assist in this matter.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court, filed in the District of Columbia on November 3, 2015, AcelRx violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges AcelRx with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The complaint also charges AcelRx with violating the registration provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AcelRx has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the registration provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.