On May 4, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it had issued an Investor Alert about rising mortgage rates and a potential recession.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2019, Enact Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ACT), a New York-based insurance company, raised its minimum mandatory minimum rating to BBB- or above.  According to the SEC's complaint, in the first quarter of 2019, we raised our minimum mandatory minimum rating to BBB- from BBB- or above.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that, in the first half of 2019, Enact raised its minimum mandatory minimum rating from BBB- to BBB- or above.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second half of 2019, Enact's minimum mandatory minimum rating was lowered to BBB- or above, from BBB- or above.  The complaint alleges that, in the second half of the year, Enact's minimum mandatory minimum rating was raised from BBB- or above to BBB- or above.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Enact has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Rohit Gupta, Mihir Bhatia and Arren Cyganovich, and was supervised by Ansu Banerjee.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.