On August 16, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Acacia Research Corp. ("Acacia") announced that it filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on August 16, 2020.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acacia, through its partnership with Starboard Value LP, raised $17.4 million in pre-public offerings in the second quarter of 2020.  According to the complaint, Acacia's valuation was significantly higher than what Starboard valued at in the second quarter of last year.  The complaint further alleges that Acacia's valuation was based on a valuation that was not fully within its control.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Acacia with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to a permanent injunction prohibiting it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The SEC seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty. The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brett Reiss and Janney Sami with the SEC's Analysis and Detection Center. The litigation will be handled by the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.