On October 16, 2015, Acme United Corp. (NYSE:ACU) announced record quarterly sales and earnings and announced that it has agreed to pay a $1.6 million penalty for operating expenses related to a $1.6 million share dividend cut.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $2 million penalty for operating expenses related to a $100,000 share dividend cut.  The company also agreed to pay a $1 million penalty for operating expenses related to a $400,000 share dividend cut.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, Acme United had record third-quarter net sales and earnings per share in 2015.  The company also announced that it had agreed to pay a $1 million penalty for a $100,000 stock dividend cut.  The company's stock price has declined significantly since the start of the year.  The company's stock price has declined substantially since the start of the year.  According to the SEC's complaint, Acme United's third-quarter net sales declined 9% when revenues were translated into U.S. dollars.  The company's net income for the quarter was $29.9 million compared to $30 million in the comparable period last year.  The company's net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $1.6 million compared to $1.19 million in the comparable period last year.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acme United has agreed to pay a penalty of $1.6 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Christina Driscoll, Stephen Percoco, Beth Lilly, and Jeff Briggs of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Abigail Sandrasen.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.