On February 16, 2020, Amber Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Investor Relations for ACV Auctions, Inc., provided an update on the company's financial performance.  The company's first quarter and full year results were impressive.  The company's revenue increased nearly 50% year-over-year and generated over $1 billion in revenue.  The company's growth has been aided by the introduction of programmatic buying capabilities, which enables dealers to offer their customers a unique and effective way to sell their vehicles on ACV's platform.  The company's revenue increased by nearly 400% year-over-year and generated nearly $1 billion in revenue in the first half of the year.  The company's second quarter and full year results were even better.  The company's third quarter and full year results were also impressive.  The company's revenue outperformance can be attributed to three factors. First, the company's strong demand for its products and services. Second, the number of dealers selling cars on ACV's platform has increased substantially since the company went public in March.  The company's revenue growth has been aided by increased demand for its products and services.  The company's new programmatic offering, MAX Digital, enables dealers to buy cars at a higher price and thereby generate better unit economics.  The company's new programmatic offering enables dealers to sell cars at a higher rate.  The company's new programmatic offering also enables dealers to buy cars at a higher price.  The company's new programmatic offering allows dealers to sell cars at a lower price.  The company's new programmatic pricing guidance, merchandising and inventory management products are a natural complement to our existing programmatic offerings.  The company's new programmatic offering is a great example of how the company is executing on its business model.  The company's new programmatic offering provides dealers with the ability to quickly and easily identify and identify new buyers.  The company's new programmatic offering has enabled dealers to quickly identify and identify new buyers.  The new programmatic offering also enables dealers to quickly and easily identify new buyers.  The company's new plan for 2020 is to invest in new, more-efficient, and more cost-effective ways to sell cars.  The company's new programmatic offering will help dealers identify and identify new buyers who are willing to pay higher prices for cars.  The company's new programmatic pricing will help dealers identify and identify new buyers.  The company is also investing in new, more-efficient, and cost-effective ways to market cars.  The company's new programmatic offerings are a great example of how the company is executing.  The company's new programmatic offering enabled dealers to quickly and easily identify new buyers.