On November 8, 2022, the Boston-based biotech company Adaptimmune Therapeutics announced that it has acquired full control of a clinical trial for ovarian cancer and bladder cancer.  According to the company's press releases announcing the acquisition of the trial, Adaptimmune's clinical trial was conducted in the U.K. and the U.S. and the trial was conducted in the U.S. and the U.K. and the trial was conducted in ovarian cancer.  According to the company's press release, the clinical trial that Adaptimmune is conducting for ovarian cancer and bladder cancer was conducted in the U.K. and in the U.S. and in partnership with Genentech and Astellas.  The company's clinical trial for ovarian cancer was conducted in the U.S. and in the U.K. and in partnership with Genentech.  The clinical trial for ovarian cancer is being conducted in the U.S. and U.K. and the trial is being conducted in the U.K. and U.S.  The company's plans for the trial are being evaluated by the market and the company's clinical trial team.  The clinical trial is being conducted in the U.S., and the clinical trial for bladder cancer is being conducted in the U.K.  The company's plans are being reviewed by the market and the clinical trial team will be evaluated by the market.  The company appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company's Board of Directors has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage people to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.