On August 2, 2019, Elizabethy Agree, Chief Executive Officer of Agree Realty Corporation, told investors that the company was uniquely positioned to capitalize on the opportunities in the retail real estate space.  The company's second quarter earnings call was broadcast live on the SEC's EDGAR system.  According to Elizabethy Agree, the company has been able to capitalize on the opportunities in the real estate space by acquiring high-quality, high-end properties in states and 22 retail sectors.  As she described in her prepared remarks, the real estate space is in a state of disarray.  As she described, many of the properties that we acquired in the first half of the year were in distress.  As she described, many of these properties were in distress and could no longer be sold.  As a result, the company's balance sheet has deteriorated significantly.  As Elizabethy described in her prepared remarks, the company's assets are in severe distress.  As a result, the company has not been able to capitalize on the opportunities in its portfolio.  As a result, the company's capital allocation has been limited.  The company has not been able to capitalize on these opportunities.  As Elizabethy described, the company has not been able to generate sufficient revenue to support its growth strategy.  The company has not been able to generate sufficient revenue or generate sufficient capital to support its growth strategy.  The company is evaluating all of these options, including new leases, new office leases, leasebacks, and development leases.  The company is evaluating all of those options, including new office leases, new office leases, new office leases, and new office leases.  The company is also evaluating new office leases, new office leases, and leasebacks.  The company is evaluating new office leases and new office leases.  The company is evaluating new office leases, new office leases and new office leases.  As Elizabethy described, the company is evaluating all of these options.  The company is evaluating new office leases as well as new office leases.  The company is evaluating all of the options, including new office leases, leasebacks, and new office leases.  The company has not announced any acquisitions.  The company has not announced any sales or leasebacks.  The company has not announced any transactions.  The SEC's EDGAR system has not yet been tested.  The company is evaluating new office leases.  The company is currently evaluating new office leases.  The company is evaluating options for new office leases.  The company is evaluating the options for new office leases.  The company's