On February 15, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a total of more than 1,500 properties in the U.S.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, alleges that, between January and February of this year, the majority of the properties in the portfolio were unprofitable.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that, from January to February of this year, the majority of the leases in the portfolio were unprofitable.  According to the complaint, the majority of the leases were for "high-quality" retail tenants, and the majority of the leases were for "low-quality" retail tenants.  The complaint alleges that, in reality, most of the leases were for "high-quality," low-quality, low-performing tenants.  The complaint further alleges that the majority of the leases were for low-quality, unprofitable properties.  The complaint, filed in the District of Columbia, alleges that the majority of the leases in the portfolio were for "high-quality," low-performing, unprofitable, unprofitable, unprofitable, and unprofitable.  The complaint further alleges that, in some instances, the leases were for "low-quality," low-quality, unprofitable, unprofitable, or unprofitable" properties.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, charges the defendants with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the defendants consented to the entry of final judgments that permanently enjoins them from future violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b2-5 thereunder.  The settlements are subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Ravi Vaidya of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Vaidya and Ms. Vaidya.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.