On June 1, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed an emergency action to halt a $1.5 billion decline in the price of analog semiconductors.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the last 10 years, Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI), which is one of the largest manufacturers in the U.S. and Europe, has been underweight in the market for high-performance analog semiconductors.  According to the SEC's complaint, in the last 10 years, ADI has been underweight in the U.S. and Europe.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the last 10 years, ADI was underweight in the U.S. because it was so expensive to manufacture.  The complaint further alleges that, in the last 10 years, the company was able to increase its capacity to produce high-quality, high-performance analog semiconductors.  The complaint alleges that, in the last ten years, ADI has lost its microphone.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ADI has agreed to pay $1.5 billion to settle the SEC's charges against it.  The settlement is pending final approval by the court.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to use the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify and quickly identify people selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments by using the Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the Investor.gov feature to quickly identify people selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to identify people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov 