On October 24, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against two of the defendants.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordering a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the Honorable Judge's order, the Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered the defendants to disgorge their ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, pay civil penalties, and pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest.  The Honorable Judge also granted the defendants' motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Defendants' motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 10(b) and 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1 and 13a-11 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the defendants' request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge granted the Defendants' motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered the defendants to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, and ordered the defendants to pay civil penalties.  The Honorable Judge granted the defendants' motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations. The Honorable Judge also granted the Defendants' request for a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act. The Honorable Judge granted the Defendants' request for a preliminary injunction, ordered the defendants to disgorge ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and ordered them to pay civil penalties. The Honorable Judge granted the Defendants' motion