The company today announced that it has entered into a long-term agreement to acquire two dry mills in China. The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. and the European governments. The deal is subject to approval by the Commission.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Chicago on October 26, 2020, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2019, ADM's operations in China were significantly down compared to the prior year quarter. The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, ADM's operations in China were down by more than 20%. The complaint further alleges that, in the third quarter, ADM's operations in China were significantly impacted by lower demand for its feedstock. The complaint further alleges that, in the fourth quarter, ADM's operations in China were substantially down. The Commission's complaint, filed in federal court in Chicago, charges ADM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the Commission's allegations, ADM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The Commission's investigation was conducted by Diana Luciano and Carol Anderson of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Ms. Luciano and Ms. Anderson. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Illinois, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of this matter. The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov. The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.