On March 24, 2020, the company announced that it has entered into a long-term agreement to acquire and operate a multi-billion dollar plasma manufacturing facility in Boca Raton, Florida.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, the deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).  The deal is subject to approval by the FDA.  The company also has agreed to pay a $25 million penalty in the amount of $100 million.  The deal is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay a $50 million penalty in the amount of $75 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the FDA.  The company's continuing efforts to expand its supply chain and to attract new and existing customers are paying a significant premium for the product.  The company's continuing efforts to acquire and operate a multi-million dollar manufacturing facility in Boca Raton, Florida are paying a significant premium for the product, which is why we're raising the price of the product.  The company's continued efforts to expand its supply chain and to acquire and operate a multi-million dollar facility in Boca Raton, Florida are also paying a significant premium for the product.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Scott Frost and Kelly L. Gibson, and the litigation will be led by Gloria Grossman.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert on behalf of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.