On July 27, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment in a microcap company.  The SEC's Complaint:  The SEC's Complaint:  The Complaint:  The Complaint:  According to the Complaint, the SEC's Complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, ADP reported that it had a 6% to 8% annualized growth rate.  The Complaint further alleges that ADP had a significant headcount decline in the fourth quarter, when it reported that it was losing market share.  According to the Complaint, ADP's revenue growth was up substantially from the prior year, and ADP's profitability was up significantly.  The Complaint: The Complaint:  The Complaint: The Complaint: The Complaint:  Without admitting or denying the Complaint, ADP and its Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Rodriguez, agreed to settle the Complaint without admitting or denying the Complaint, without admitting or denying the Complaint, that ADP had a significant headcount decline.  The Complaint: Without admitting or denying the Complaint, Rodriguez has agreed to the entry of an Order of Merit for ADP's compliance with Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Complaint:  The Complaint alleges that, in a parallel action, ADP and Carlos Rodriguez agreed to the entry of a Order of Merit for ADP's compliance compliance with Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, without admitting or denying the Complaint, and without admitting or denying the Complaint.  The Complaint also alleges that Carlos Rodriguez and Carlos Rodriguez violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The Complaint further alleges that Carlos Rodriguez and Carlos Rodriguez violated Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The Complaint alleges that Carlos Rodriguez violated Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rules 206(3) and 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Carlos Rodriguez and Carlos Rodriguez agreed to the entry of the Complaint without admitting or denying the allegations in the Complaint.  The Complaint alleges that Carlos