Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Deutsche Bank Technology Conference Call September 15, 2020 9:40 AM ET Company Participants Kathleen Winters - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Bryan Keane Good morning, it’s Bryan Keane Senior Payments Processors and IT Services Analyst at Deutsche Bank, and we're really excited to have the CFO of ADP Kathleen Winters with us to do a virtual fireside chat. Format for the call will be, I will ask Kathleen some of the questions, and then from there, you can also enter questions in the portal or you can email any extra questions to my email of bryan.keane@db.com. So with that, I’ll turn over to you, Kathleen, and maybe we could just start out and start a little bit kind of big picture here. How would you characterize the recovery? And on the earnings call, I know you mentioned that the pace of recovery slowed a little bit so maybe we can walk through some of the cadence of kind of where we were from the trough to where we are now? Kathleen Winters Sure. Good morning Bryan, thanks for having me in this virtual format and good morning to everyone on the call. It's a great question to start with kind of starting big picture here. I mean, look, this situation, this economic scenario is, you know, really one that no one's ever kind of been through an economic set of events exactly like this before. I mean, obviously, you know, closing down the entire U.S. economy to combat the health crisis is certainly you know unchartered territory. As you said, you know, look, we saw some really steep declines from an economic standpoint, you know, going through the chain of events here back in, you know, March, and April, you know, and we saw deterioration in unemployment right up to the point where, you know, we had reported our Q3 earnings at the end of April. So, significant declines at that point in time and you know, it seems it appears that that was the bottom we certainly hope that's the case and you know since then we have seen some good economic rebound and employment rebound. You know, using partial re-openings that have been driving some improvement, obviously, the fiscal support, the PPP program and so, you know, clearly there was some pretty rapid recovery for a few weeks starting in early May, coming off that deep trough in April. You know, we've seen that rebound and we've seen unemployment, latest unemployment numbers now at about 8%. Obviously, not back to pre-pandemic levels, but still some good recovery since the trough. You know, but there are still clearly areas of the economy and businesses that you know, have not fully recovered and that, you know, continued to need health in particular, you know, obviously travel and entertainment and you know, hotels and restaurants and other small businesses. So, you know, we do see that it seems the recovery has slowed to kind of a more of a modest pace here and flattened out and you will see the same data that we're seeing, you know, we've used that data to inform our outlook and our guidance for the year. For fiscal year 2021, we planned for a very gradual recovery. The unemployment levels being at about that 8% level is, you know, probably a little better than what we would have expected, say 60 or 90 days ago, but certainly, there's still some improvement that's needed to get to what we are assuming the point will be at when we get to the end of our fiscal year, which is, you know, Q2 calendar year next year. Bryan Keane Right. And when I think about pays per control, if I just run through the metrics here, I know it was down about 11% in the fourth quarter, reaching a low, I think it was mid teens before exiting the quarter at about down 10. And then guidance for pays per control is for it to decline about 3% or 4% in fiscal year 2021, and I think the cadence is something like, you know, down high single digits in the first half, then maybe negative mid single digits decline in third quarter fall by maybe a positive mid-to-single digits growth in the fourth quarter 2021. So, and I think you just mentioned that translates, I think you guys were talking about 7% unemployment by June 2021, just thinking about that cadence in the fact that we're already at 8%, you know, for unemployment, are we a little bit ahead of maybe where we might have guided to for pays per control? Kathleen Winters Yeah. So, look, we think this is, you know, a really important area for us to be as transparent as we can, around, you know, the assumptions underlying our guidance and how we're thinking about it. And you're right, we've kind of said, you know, anchor on that 7% unemployment by June of 2021, the end of our fiscal year, is kind of what we're tracking to and the assumption that's underlying our guidance. So, you know, we want to be as transparent as we can on that. You know, yeah, as I said earlier, we're kind of, you know, we're 8% already. So, it seems like, you know, perhaps there's some, if you think about our guidance in terms of being, you know, having that significant pressure in the first half of the year, but getting better and better sequentially each quarter till you get to that 7% unemployment, you know, being at roughly an 8%. Now, you say, well, okay, there's favorability there, but remember, there's still continued improvement that has to happen.  And, you know, while that, you know, momentum and improvement has seemed good, it has kind of flattened out. So, we've still got ways to go to get to that point, and, you know, while the unemployment numbers are, you know, a good indicator, it's not exactly a one-to-one with regard to our pays per control. So, we'll be as transparent as we possibly can be, as we go through each quarter to share with you, you know, what we're seeing in pays per control on quarterly basis, how that's impacting our, you know, revenue actuals and outlook for the balance of the year and then any revisions as we go. Bryan Keane You know, just on a side note, didn’t pays per control have a bigger factor on margin than revenue? Because I know incrementally it probably doesn't cost you. At least the expense side doesn't cost much to add, you know, additional people on the payroll. Kathleen Winters Yeah, that's right. I mean, the pays per control, impact in both directions, right, is going to have that margin flow through. Because as we're seeing clients, level of employees go down, right, you know, that's obviously impacting our top line, but there's not a lot of cost that comes out within. So, we lose that really high margin revenue, which has impacted our margin and our margin guidance for fiscal 2021. On the flip side, as that comes back, you know, that should benefit as well, but, you know we'll see how that recovery happens. Bryan Keane Got it. Wanted to ask about retention, I know was down about 20 basis points to 90.5% and guidance is for retention and in Employer Services to drop about 50 basis points to 100 basis points in fiscal year 2021 from elevated out of business losses, what type of client losses are you seeing versus previous recessions, and how does that alone impact the retention? Kathleen Winters Sure, it's a great question, and a critical question, because you know, when you think about our performance, and the way we think about it as we think about the criticality and the importance of kind of bookings, retention, and our profitability levels. So, and I'm sure we'll get to all of those things here, but from a retention perspective, you know, maybe I'll start with kind of what we've seen during a typical recession. You know, and in particular, during the great financial crisis, you know, at that point, you know, during the great financial crisis, we saw a retention decline about 120 basis points, and then started to recover, but that did take multiple quarters to play out. You know, and also, we saw small business was hardest hit, you know, during that, but you know, we're expecting some of the same dynamics this time around. In particular, we're seeing the impact in our small business segment in terms of the pressures there. In Q4, we saw elevated losses with some clients going out of business, we saw some clients maybe perhaps not fully going out of business, but you know suspended processing stopped processing for a period of time. And the way we do count that as part of our retention metric that as clients stopped processing for a period of time, they're counted as losses. So, you know, we certainly saw those elevated losses in Q4, and we're expecting to see continued pressure as we go through fiscal 2021, similar to and aligned with, kind of what we saw during the financial crisis. You know, we're not expecting it to be as bad as what we saw in Q4, but we still expect there to be some pressure, you know, we do hope that and believe that the worst is behind us, but that pressure will continue for a couple of quarters.  You know, but importantly, you know, I call that and we call that kind of the non-controllable aspect of retention, it's important to think about the controllable aspect and to understand that from a controllable aspect of retention, we're actually doing quite well. In fact, if you look at our free pandemic levels of client satisfaction, and retention, we had some really, really good momentum. And you know, look, well, it's a competitive marketplace. We don't think the competitive dynamics have really shifted as a result of this, that margins, we believe we were really well-positioned and saw in our numbers and our client satisfaction scores in our retention metrics, before the pandemic and from the controllable aspects. You know, we think that's going to continue and we think we'll see really good momentum coming out of it. Bryan Keane Helpful. Wanting to move to bookings, I know fiscal year 2021 bookings guidance is for negative growth in the first half 2021 than flat the positive in third quarter with more substantial growth in the fourth quarter of 2021. And I think for the full year, you're talking about flat up 10% bookings growth. What are the key factors that hit those bookings targets and how much visibility do you have given the pipeline? Kathleen Winters Yeah, critical question. You know, it's something where you know, obviously, you know, hugely focused on and talking about every day and looking at the data every day. Look, it's challenging to forecast bookings in this environment. You know, as you know, bookings can be volatile quarter-to-quarter during normal times, let alone during these times, but, you know, we're looking closely at the data and we're looking at the leading indicators. And, you know, again, we're, you know forecasting this in the context of what's happened here in terms of the buying behaviors of our clients and prospects having been significantly changed as a result of the environment. You know, we've made this full shift to virtualize our clients have, but quite frankly, you know, we did that pretty quickly and pretty well honestly, you know, a third of our salesforce was already operating in a virtual environment. So, you know, while it wasn't without a lot of effort from a lot of parts of the organization, you know, we really shifted well to that virtual selling environment. You know, as you know, we saw, you know, a substantial decline in the sales activity in Q4. And given the broad reach that we have across industries and across, you know all company sizes. You know, we're really saying that companies across the board were really, you know, stressed with the environment. And across the board, really, we saw that, you know, you know, there's really just that focus on operating every day as opposed to, you know, prioritizing purchases and switches of HCM solutions, if you will, but since that point-in-time, you know, we have seen activity levels pick up, and you know, we do expect the environment to normalize.  We firmly believe it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when things normalize and return to pre-pandemic levels, you know, the overall economic picture improves. We expect the productivity of our salesforce is going to improve. You know, we do however, think that bookings will still be pressured and challenged in the first half of the year and turn positive in the second half, but, you know, will it be better than that? We'll see, I don't know. What I can tell you is that, I, you know, firmly believe we're well-positioned to capture the opportunity as the economy improved, you know, and as clients and prospects are, you know, more engaged and more willing to engage on these discussions. We're seeing activity levels trend up. So, if you look at kind of, you know, the data that we have in terms of number of meetings, number of demos being scheduled. You know, we're seeing that continue to improve. So, we've seen some positive leading indicators, you know, and we'll keep you updated as we go. We look forward to updating you each quarter as we go through the year. Bryan Keane I know ADP highlighted expected investments, including the salesforce, how [indiscernible] salesforce expected to grow in fiscal year 2021 versus kind of a normal year? Kathleen Winters Yeah, it's a great question and, you know, a really important strategic topic for us. You know, we think investing through the cycle, and you know in the sales process, and investing in product as well, and we'll probably get to that too, but we think investing through the cycle is critical. It's strategic as critical, and we're well-positioned to do it. We've got the financial strength to do it. And that gives us a great advantage. You know, we've indicated that we are continuing to invest in sales and broadly distribution. That does include growing our sales headcount modestly in a very measured way. And particularly as we kind of track and assess what segments of the market are recovering earlier or faster. We're also investing, you know, beyond sales headcount, there's other types of sales investment to that we continue to do. We're investing in tools and technology to support our sales organization. So, you know, we talked about the – and I mentioned the virtual selling environment, you know, making sure our salesforce, you know, can operate effectively in this environment. We're making sure that they've got the right technology and the right tools to do online training, to do online coaching so that we can, you know, continue to make ourselves people, you know, more and more effective and take those sales people that are newer to the organization and continue to coach and train them, and you know, increase their productivity as they go along from a [10 year] perspective. We've, you know, made sure we're investing in things like making sure we can do demos the right way, in a really effective way in the virtual world. So, beyond the sales headcount, you know, we continue to invest in tools and technology in pricing analytics. You know, and then I would also add, you know, ongoing investments from a [marketing perspective], you know, we, you know, continue to support our marketing investments, we've, we've kind of done a little bit of a pivot away from kind of broad based marketing to focus on what we think really resonates well with clients and prospects in this environment. And so to focus on that great expertise and history that we have of, you know, compliance and payroll expertise and dependability and ability to provide service to clients and we continue to invest in our channel partners as well, you know, providing the right technology and the ability to participate in virtual demos there. So, you know, it's really, you know, we think, look, the smart thing and the right thing to do from a strategic standpoint is to make sure that we are well-positioned for the recovery. You know, we've been through lots of cycles before, we know how to do this. We think it's the right strategy and the smart strategy and that's what we're doing. Bryan Keane How does the market look between the up-market, mid-market, and then of course the down-market and even international, as your different growth rates happening in each market and I'm sure the pandemic is probably impacting the most down-market, but love to get your thoughts on that. Kathleen Winters Sure. Yeah. So you know, as you mentioned, as you know, we've got a very broad reach across the market segments. And I guess what I would say is all, you know, all of our products and all of our segments were, you know, across the board pretty significantly impacted over the last several months. You know, we kind of, we saw the same trends, you know, across the products, which, you know, really to me means, you know, this is really macro driven. This is not, you know, product related, you know, pressure that we're seeing at all. In fact, you know our products in down-market and mid-market, pre-pandemic have been operating really well and we can continue to be positioned really well throughout this environment. And you know, we believe we'll be positioned really well coming out of it. So, you know, running in down-market, obviously small business being heavily impacted during the pandemic, but the product performs really well. You know, workforce now as well, continues to perform really well in mid-market, which, by the way, also sells into a little bit into down market, but quite a bit into up market as well. You know, I guess in terms of some of the things we're seeing in terms of product demand or things that could accelerate, you know, certainly the focus on self service. You know, the feature that we had been emphasizing, but we continue to do that, emphasize self service from a sales perspective. And we've also added various functionality and features to help clients deal with the COVID environment in particular return to work features. Bryan Keane Yeah, I was going to ask just additional demand you foresee driven from COVID-19. I mean, obviously, there's the economic impact, but everybody's operating under, you know, work from home in different circumstances. So, is there new or additional products that you're seeing great demand for HCM offerings? Kathleen Winters Yeah. To an extent, yeah. I mean, look, you know, it's, you know, it’s not like we're, you know, saying, hey, we can capitalize on this bad environment, but certainly look as a commercial organization, we're saying, you know, what resonates well. And, you know, where are their opportunities in this very challenging economic environment? And to us, I mean, I think it's clear that the HCM value proposition is even stronger as a result of this health crisis than it was before. I mean, if you just, you know, logically think about it, company’s needs for the HR function, and HR processes to work and to work seamlessly and to work despite disruptions and despite, you know, unanticipated significant disruptions. I mean, that's just critical. I mean, it's just logical that that value proposition is going to be even stronger now than it was before this happened. You know, and along those lines, compliance expertise is critical. And we provide that compliance expertise. And service is critical, and we provide that service to clients. You know, we certainly saw as you know, companies were focused on just navigating through all of the uncertainty of, you know, how do I get through this? How do I, you know, clients that maybe weren't used to, you know, laying off people or putting people on furloughs or, you know, changing, you know, work schedules dramatically. There was a lot of uncertainty and change that people had to deal with and companies had to deal with and, you know, quite frankly, I'm proud to say we were there for them. I mean, we did the right thing in terms of supporting our clients; we allocated resources to support service, and, you know, I think that is going to be a very long term benefit for us. You know, I think, you know, people will have long memories in terms of ADP was there for them during the crisis. We were there from a client service perspective. We helped them through this. And we see the evidence of that in our client satisfaction scores. We see it in our NPS scores. We were trending really well in client satisfaction scores before this, and, you know, we think that momentum will continue and we think it's a direct result of our commitment to helping our clients through the crisis. So, I think there's a lot of potential for increased demand over time. Bryan Keane Yeah, turning to PEO, I know the average worksite employee growth dropped about 3% in guidance for fiscal year 2021 I think it’s for it to be similar flat-to-down 3%, just hoping you could give us the current outlook for the PEO market in, you know what a recovery might look like there? Kathleen Winters Sure. So, you know, PEO in Q4, the performance was driven primarily by a deceleration and pays per control of our PEO clients. So, normally we don't separately disclose that metric, but in this case to give kind of this additional transparency pays for control we're down mid-single-digits compared to in a typical quarter say being a positive single digit. Also, there was certainly an impact of slowdown in sales and some elevated losses. Looking forward though, we would expect worksite employees growth to recover a little bit faster. than employment in the Employer Services segment, you know, it's a little hard to say, you know, so, you know, it'll see how it plays out over the next couple of quarters, but, you know, what we can say is that the revenue acceleration then PEO probably be more quickly realized if employment picks up. PEO is pretty sensitive to pays per control versus maybe some other things like number of clients, you know, or client funds, but it's going to take some time to fully accelerate. So, we'll see how we go and we look forward to keeping you updated each quarter on that. Bryan Keane EBIT margins were up 10 basis points in the fourth quarter, which will be the trough quarter for some of your metrics, but revenue decelerating further to start the year, what's baked into the 300 basis point margin decline in fiscal year 2021? And then I'm looking at the portal here, you know, somebody's asking a question about looking at the quarter, you know, revenues are down about 350 million, and EBIT’s going to be down, you know 510 or so, so there's 100 million of cost saves embedded in their guidance. Why have such high decremental margins even assuming, you know 100% of that revenue dropped through? Kathleen Winters Yeah, so there's a couple things going on from a margin perspective in terms of how we've guided and how we're looking at the year. I mean, you know, the, you know, the important concepts. So, I'll kind of give you the [broad brush] concepts and then we'll take you through it a little bit more detail is, you know, we've got high margin, revenue loss, with a commitment to continue to support investment in sales and product as we've talked about, right. So, you know, we guided to a 300 basis point decline in margin. We've got an expected decline in high margin revenue, you know, when pays per control fall, as we've outlined, they will, in our guidance is the current expectation, you know, you've got this high margin revenue loss as, you know, when clients take down their employment levels, our fees, obviously decline, but you know, there's not a lot of operating costs that comes out with it. You know, we're still running processes for the client, we're still providing services I talked about and from a long-term perspective providing that service to our clients is critical and supports our long-term health of the business and growth. You know, so it's different if, you know, a big swath of clients, you know, shut down completely and you can take out a big piece of cost with it. That's not the case in this instance. In addition to that, we have client found interest that really has no offsetting expense, so falls right to the bottom line. And so there's another aspect of high margin revenue being lost. Additionally, you know, we're looking at pressure of our zero margin pass-through from our PEO segment, which is causing margin pressure as well. So with all of that going on, you've got this, you know, big top line, dynamic happening, which causes that significant margin pressure, but we do have some substantial cost savings from a transformation perspective. And, you know, we've got, you know, we've got track record, we've got a history of several years here of doing some really meaningful transformation in terms of our cost structure, right. You know, over time doing things like our service alignment and our voluntary early retirement program and our workforce optimization and now doing our procurement and our digital transformations. That is going to contribute and provide $125 million of savings in fiscal 2021. So, while it doesn't fully offset, it helps to partially offset that high margin revenue loss. You know, look, as the economy improves, you know, hopefully we'll, you know, see a nice pace of improvement. We'll see how that goes. If the economy improves, you know, we typically see good operating leverage as that happens. So, we'll continue to update you on how we see that going. And for sure, we are continuing to look for ways to accelerate on the transformation cost savings, right. So, you know, I said we're going to have [$25 million] benefit from that this year. You know, we're not stopping there. You know, we're looking for, is there any way to make that even more? You know, can we accelerate some of the projects that are in-flight? You know, are there more opportunities, things that we can list of the list, you know, add to the list of projects that are in-flight. So, we're continuing to look for opportunities to do better as possible. Bryan Keane And I was going to ask about that the, you know the fiscal year 2021 cost saving initiatives, the digital transformation, the procurement, I know that's going to be, you know, at least 150 million of run rate savings. Are there other significant potential cost saves when you look beyond fiscal year 2021 or other major projects you can do to create more savings initiatives? Kathleen Winters Yeah, I mean, look, I'm really energized around looking for those, you know, ongoing initiatives that can, you know, help give us some improvement in the cost structure and some benefits from a margin perspective, you know, I, you know, I think I mentioned this, that look from, for us, it's really critical that we've got the capability and the discipline around executing both in-flight projects, and building a pipeline around future projects – for future projects. And the organization is really energized to do that. And it's just critical, right? Because, you know, it's all interconnected here, right, as we want to look, our primary focus is let's grow the top line, but to grow the top line, you know, we need to be able to continue to invest in sales and in product and in our associates. And to do that we've got to have the capacity for that investment. And so finding this pipeline of projects is just critical for us. It's just fundamental for the way we operate and the way we're going to continue to operate. So, you know, look, well I’m not going to give any, you know, indication or guidance around margin beyond 2021. If certainly something we're obsessed with in terms of building that pipeline, and executing on in-flight projects, you know, the digital work that we're doing is not a one-year event, as you can imagine, when you think about, you know, those types of projects, digital projects. Those are things that tend to be, you know, those projects tend to take more than one year to execute. You know, when you're thinking about how do you modernize and automate something, it you know, typically is, okay, do I have to put in a new technology or modify an existing technology that takes time to assess and diagnose and identify the right technology solution and either build it or buy it and then put that in place and build the process around it? So, that's a multi-year, effort and initiative, which in my mind is just, you know, is a great thing because it means, okay, this is something that's an opportunity for us for fiscal 2021 and beyond. You know, and then beyond digital there is, you know, the ongoing work that I think we can continue to do around procurement, you know, look, it does, I will say it gets harder as you go, you know, as you get rid of some of the low hanging fruit and you deal with that, you know, the procurement transformation does get really challenging, but we've got a team that's energized around that. You know, and I think we've got a unique opportunity in a catalyst year to think about things like, you know, real estate, and do we think about that differently in a post pandemic world? And what would that look like? And, you know, what's the smartest way to operate? You know, so we're looking at things like that. And, you know, we're really looking across all aspects of the organization kind of frontline to functions to say, you know, where are the right opportunities to fill that pipeline with projects? Bryan Keane I know we only have about a minute left. So, there are a couple other questions, so let's get to at least one of them. Just asking about the salesforce ability to sell digitally, you know there's other names, like workday and others have had more experience in it than ADP has, you know, are they making the adjustment to be able to create the same amount of bookings? Kathleen Winters Great question. I mean, I'm not sure you know about more experience than we have. I mean, we’ve got lots and lots and lots of experience in terms of selling in a virtual environment. As I mentioned, you know, we had pre-pandemic, we already had a third of our sales workforce, our sales resources operating in a virtual environment. You know, I believe we've made the shift really well. You know, we've got an energized set of sales resources. We've got an experienced set of sales resources. They've got the right tools. I don't see any, you know, and I'm not seeing any indication that we're not operating as effectively as we always have in the marketplace. Bryan Keane Okay. And with that, Kathleen, thanks for joining us virtually here. It's obviously different times here, but thanks for letting us take some of your time and hear what's going on with ADP. Kathleen Winters Great. Thank you, Bryan. Thanks for having me. Question-and-Answer Session Q -