On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in its capacity.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines, which is headquartered in New York City, and its CFO, Derek Kerr, violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint alleges that the airline had a significant shortfall in capacity in the first half of 2019.  As a result, the airline's capacity has declined significantly, and the company's revenue has declined significantly.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The complaint also charges American with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act.  The SEC's complaint charges American with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b)(5) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC's litigation is being handled by Michael Linenberg of the SEC's New York office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.