The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officers, Kelly Wall and Douglas Lindsay, recently raised the company's revenue and earnings per share guidance.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had increased its lease portfolio by 80% in the second half of the year.  As we discussed in the press release, the company's financial condition is improving and the company's profitability is improving.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since the beginning of the year.  As a result of these increases, the company's revenue and earnings per share have increased substantially.  The company's stock price has also increased substantially.  The company's revenue per share increased 11.2% year-over-year.  The company's net income per share increased 11.2% in the second quarter.  The company's net income per share was up 11.2% from the second quarter of the prior year.  The company's revenue per share increased 8.5% in the second quarter.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business.  The company's financial condition is improving.  The company has raised its dividend for the second half of the year, and the company's share price increased 11.2%.  The company's revenue per share increased 11% in the second quarter, and the company's net income per share increased 16.2% from the second quarter of the previous year.  The company's net income per share is up 11.2% from the second quarter.  The company's operating expenses increased 11.2% from the second quarter of last year.  The company's revenue per share is up 11.2% year-over-year and the company's net income per share increased 12.8% from the second quarter of 2020.  The company has not assumed any additional share repurchases in the third and fourth quarters.  The company's net income per share for the second half of the year was up 11.2%.  The company's net income per share increased 16.8% from the second quarter of the last year.  The company's