On May 4, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it filed a Form 10-Q with the SEC for the first quarter of 2017.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2017, AAON, Inc. ("AAON"), Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance Rebecca Thompson, Chief Accounting Officer, and Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing Scott Asbjornson raised approximately $1.8 million in pre-tax sales and $1.9 million in pre-tax sales.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the price increase, AAON's revenue declined, and the company's capital expenditures increased by 13.6% and 13.6% in the first and second quarters of 2017.  The complaint further alleges that, in the third quarter, the company recorded $1.8 million in excess tax benefits.  In the fourth quarter, the company recorded $69.2 million in orders and 63 a year ago.  As a percentage of sales, the complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, we had an unexpected slowdown in the first quarter of this year.  The complaint further alleges that, when we came into the year, only first and second grades got a huge amount of the dollar volume as compared to the prior year.  The complaint further alleges that, after that occurred, we did not manage to the margin; we managed to the final dollars.  The complaint further alleges that, over the course of the year, we let the margin slip and let the volume slip and we let the margin slip.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Norman Asbjornson, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Vice President of Finance, and Senior Vice President of Sales with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint further alleges that Scott Asbjornson violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that Scott Asbjornson violated Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges Norman Asbjornson with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges Scott Asbjornson with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Scott Asbjornson