On April 30, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of the Exchange Act, and ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations. The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. The Honorable Judge granted the Court's order against future violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 10b-5 thereunder. The Court will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a preliminary injunction, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations. The Court granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Exchange Act and Rules 206(3) and 206(4)-8 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Exchange Act. The Court granted the SEC's request for a preliminary injunction, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordered a temporary restraining order, and ordered a preliminary injunction against further violations of Sections 206(1) and 206 (2) of the Exchange Act. The Honorable Judge also granted the Court’s motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206 and 206 of the Exchange Act. The Honorable Judge