On October 29, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Ameris Bancorp, Inc. ("ABCB"), a Florida-based financial services company, alleging that it had overstated its net income in the third quarter by $9.7 million.  The complaint alleges that, in the third quarter, the company reported net income of $83.9 million or $4.23 per diluted share, which was down from $84 million in the second quarter.  According to the complaint, the company's asset quality deteriorated significantly in the third quarter, and the company's profitability deteriorated significantly.  The complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, the company's net income increased by $9.7 million, which is a significant improvement from the second quarter.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the company's net income declined by $9.7 million.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Ameris Bancorp has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of $9.7 million, prejudgment interest of $1.20 per diluted share, and a civil penalty of $192,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by David Feaster and Christopher Marinac and supervised by Scott Brody Preston.  The litigation will be handled by Nicole Stokes.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.