On March 4, 2020, Arbutus Biopharma Corp. announced that it has entered into an agreement to conduct a Phase 2 clinical trial that will determine the efficacy and safety of its next-generation RNAi agent.  The agreement is subject to court approval.  According to the SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Brooklyn, New York, Arbutus failed to disclose that it had entered into an agreement to conduct a clinical trial in which it would develop a subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent to treat hepatitis B.  The SEC alleges that Arbutus failed to disclose that it had developed a subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent that targets specific viral targets.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in Brooklyn, charges Arbutus with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Arbutus has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Arbutus with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Keay Nakae and Roy Buchanan of the New York office.  The litigation will be led by Bill Collier and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.