The company announced today that it has acquired U.S. Well Services, Inc., a Texas-based oil and gas services company, for a total of $30 million. The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The acquisition is subject to court approval by the court. The company previously announced that it would acquire U.S. Well Services for a total of $310 million. The acquisition was subject to court approval by the court. The court entered a final judgment that permanently enjoins the company from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The court entered a final judgment against the company that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws. The court entered a final judgment against the court that permanently enjoins the company from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, U.S. Well Services has agreed to pay a civil penalty of $30 million. U.S. Well Services agreed to pay a civil penalty of $20 million. U.S. Well Services has also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $10,000. U.S. Well Services agreed to settle the civil penalty at a later date. U.S. Well Services agreed to a settlement that is subject to court approval. U.S. Well Services also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $20,000. U.S. Well Services has agreed to a $30 million civil penalty. U.S. Well Services agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of Section 17(a) of the federal securities laws and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $20 million, a civil penalty of $50,000, and to pay a civil penalty of $50,000. U.S. Well services agreed to pay a civil penalty of $10 million. U.S. Well Services agreed not to pay a civil penalty of $20 million and to a civil penalty of $50,000. The settlement is subject to court approval by the court. U.S. Well Services agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 16(a) of the Securities Act and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act. U.S. Well Services agreed to