On May 4, 2022, the company announced that it has appointed a new CEO to lead the company.  The company's CEO, Christopher H. Hunter, has been named as the company's new CEO for the first quarter of 2022.  According to the company's press release announcing the appointment of the new CEO, the company's business has been performing exceptionally well in the first quarter of the year.  The company's growth has been aided and abetted by strong demand for its services.  The company's continued investments in the business have allowed it to meet the growing demand for its services.  As a result, the company's revenue per patient day increased 11.9% in the first quarter of the year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA per patient day increased 8.6%.  The company's revenue per patient day increased 6.2% in the first quarter of the year.  As a result of these investments, the company's revenue per patient day increased 8.6%, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 2.2%.  As a result of these investments, Acadia's revenue per patient day increased 8.6% and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was 22% compared with 21.7% in the prior year.  The company's continued focus on delivering high-quality, high-quality patient care has allowed it to meet the demand for its services across the country.  The company's new CEO, David Duckworth, has been named as the company's next CEO.  The company's new CEO will be named as the company's next CEO.  According to the SEC's press release, the company's new CEO will be named as the next CEO.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has also issued an Investor Alert on how to spot signs of investment in the healthcare industry.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investment in the healthcare industry by using the SEC Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.