OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OGXI) announced that it has completed a clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of its second line of second line chemotherapy in men with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer.  The company also announced that it has received FDA approval for its second line of second line chemotherapy.  According to the company's press release, on November 12, 2015, OncoGenex announced that it had received FDA approval for its second line chemotherapy, Custirsen, in combination with docetaxel, to extend survival in a prospectively defined subgroup of men at increased risk for poor outcomes.  OncoGenex also announced that it had received approval for its second line of second line chemotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer.  OncoGenex's second line of chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of Custirsen in combination with docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based chemotherapy.  The company's second line of second line chemotherapy is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Custirsen in patients with metastatic bladder cancer.  The company's second line of chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy of Custirsen in a clinical trial that is being conducted at 27 sites across the United States.  The company's second line of chemotherapy, Borealis-1, is being conducted at 27 sites across the country.  The company's third line of second line chemotherapy is being conducted at 27 sites across the U.S.  OncoGenex's third line of second line chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of its second line chemotherapy.  The company's second phase of second line chemotherapy is evaluating the safety and safety of Custirsen in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer with poor prognostic risk factors.  The company's second line of second-line chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of its first line of second line chemotherapy.  The company's first line of second line chemotherapy is being conducted at 26 sites across the U.S.  The company's second phase of second-line chemotherapy is being conducted at 26 sites across the country.  The company's first line of second-line chemotherapy is being conducted at 24 sites across the country.  The company is evaluating the safety and efficacy of its second line of second line chemotherapy with respect to patients at increased risk for poor outcomes.  The company's second line of secondline chemotherapy is evaluating the efficacy and safety of the second line chemotherapy.  The company's second round of second line chemotherapy is being conducted at 24 sites across the U.S.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Scott Cormack and Katherine Xu.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of