On July 29, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The court granted the SEC's request for an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The Court granted the SEC's request for a temporary asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that, in the first half of the year, the company lost market share in its core business.  According to the complaint, the company's core business, which includes grocery, prepared meals, and services, lost market share in the first half of the year.  The court granted the SEC's motion for an emergency asset freeze and emergency relief.  The court granted the court's request for an emergency asset freeze and other relief.  The court granted the court's motion for an emergency asset freeze.  The court granted the SEC's request to hold a hearing on July 29, 2020.  The court granted the court's motion.  The court granted the court's request to hold an emergency asset freeze and emergency relief.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The court granted the court's order for an emergency asset freeze.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze on July 31, 2020.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze and other emergency relief on July 31, 2020.  The court granted the request for an emergency asset freeze.  The court also entered a temporary asset freeze on July 31.  The court entered a temporary asset freeze order on July 29, 2020.  The court entered a temporary restraining order on July 31, 2020.  The court will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.