On August 4, 2022, Axcelis Technologies, Inc. ("AXcelis"), a microcap company based in Beverly, California, announced strong second quarter financial results.  The company's CEO, Kevin Brewer, and CFO, Doug Lawson, both of whom are from the U.S. and South Korea, both of whom are from the U.K. and South Korea, agreed to participate in the Needham Third Annual Virtual Conference.  According to the company's press release, which was issued on August 4, 2017, the company's business was particularly strong in the mature process technology segment.  As a result, the company's revenue increased significantly in the second quarter.  As a result, the company's gross margin improved significantly.  The company's revenue increased by more than 50 basis points in the second quarter.  The company's gross margin improved by more than 50 basis points in the second half of the year.  The company's supply chain and logistics challenges continue to impact the company's revenue and gross margin.  The company is continuing to work closely with suppliers to implement both strategic and tactical measures to address these issues.  The company's second quarter financial results, which were announced on August 4, 2017, were better than expected.  The company's second quarter financial performance was well above our guidance.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's supply chain and logistics challenges persisted.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  The company's supply chain and logistics issues continue to impact the company's business.  The company's second quarter financial results were better than expected.  The company's stock price increased by more than 50 basis points.  The company's stock price increased by about 50 basis points.  The company's supply chain and logistics problems persisted.  The company's stock price increased by approximately 50 basis points in the second quarter.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.