On May 11, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed an emergency action to halt an ongoing decline in the company's revenue and profitability.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first half of the year, AECOM's revenue was down significantly from the prior year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the second half of the year, AECOM was unable to generate sufficient revenue to support its $1.1 billion capital allocation program.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that AECOM was unable to generate sufficient revenue growth to support its $1.2 billion capital allocation plan.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges AECOM with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, AECOM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges AECOM with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges a civil penalty of $100,000, and the SEC seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Michael Dudas and Steven Fisher of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Dudas.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.