On April 23, 2015, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Acacia Research Corporation for violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acacia violated the antifraud provisions of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that Acacia violated the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act.  The complaint alleges that Acacia violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and that Acacia violated Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 5(b) and 5(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5(b) thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Acacia has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 17a-1 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.