On March 14, 2019, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has appointed two independent directors to its board of directors.  The company's Board of Directors announced today that it has appointed two independent directors to the company's board of directors.  According to the company's press release, on March 14, 2018, Acacia raised approximately $49.2 million from approximately 100 investors.  The company's Board of Directors previously announced that Acacia would restructure its intellectual property portfolio in 2019.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia raised approximately $50 million from approximately 100 investors.  Acacia's Board of Directors previously announced that it would restructure its intellectual property portfolio.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Acacia violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders Acacia to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Daniel Adler and Scott Adler and supervised by Janney Montgomery Scott.  The litigation will be handled by Mr. Adler and Mr. Adler.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.