On May 11, 2022, Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) announced that it filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on May 11, 2022.  The company also announced that it received a $23 million non-diluted funding to support its ongoing clinical trial of ibezapolstat, our leading antibiotic candidate for the treatment of patients with C. difficile infections.  The company's first quarter financial results for the first quarter of 2022 were included in a press release issued earlier this morning.  According to the company's press release, ibezapolstat is the leading antibiotic candidate for the treatment of C. difficile infections, and the company's first clinical trial of the drug failed.  The company's second clinical trial of ibezapolstat failed, and the company's third clinical trial failed.  The company's third clinical trial of the drug failed, and the company's third clinical trial of the drug failed as well.  The company's first clinical trial of ibezapolstat failed in March.  The company's second clinical trial of the drug failed in March.  The company's third clinical trial failed, and the company's third clinical trial that followed failed as well.  The company's third clinical trial of ibezapolstat failed.  The company's third clinical trial that followed in March failed.  The company's third clinical trial, in which ibezapolstat was used to treat C. difficile infections, failed.  The company's fourth clinical trial that followed in March failed.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's press release, Acurx has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Jason McCarthy and Joanne Lee of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Texas, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an adviser of an adviser of an adviser of adviser an adviser adviser of an adviser