On August 9, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Adaptimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADAP), alleging that it failed to develop a treatment for ovarian cancer.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that the company failed to develop a diagnostic for ovarian cancer.  According to the complaint, the company was unable to develop a treatment for ovarian cancer.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's complaint, filed on August 9, 2020, alleges that Adaptimmune failed to develop a diagnostic for ovarian cancer, and that the company was unable to develop a treatment for that cancer.  The SEC's complaint charges that Adaptimmune failed to develop a diagnostic that would detect ovarian cancer.  The SEC's complaint charges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Adaptimmune has agreed to settle the SEC's charges and to pay a civil penalty of $25,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Adaptimmune agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by John Lunger and supervised by Marc Frahm and Kelsey Goodwin of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Rawcliffe.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an adviser of an adviser of an adviser of adviser adviser advisers of advisers of Adviser Adviser and Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Market Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an adviser