the acelrx fiscal year 2016 financial results conference call is held in the fourth quarter fiscal year 2016. the acelrx has been a successful business organization and its success has been a key step in the development of a new opioid. the acelrx has received a number of successes and successes in the last three years. the most important milestone was the submission of a new drug application or national drug registration for the drug of sufentanil sublingual tablet ( dSUvia ). we continue to be excited about the potential for this drug because of its simple single-dose applicator design. we expect the peak sales in the united states to be approximately $1.1 billion and for the first half of this year we expect the peak revenues to be $1.1 billion. we expect the peak revenues to be $1.1 million and for the full year ended with the end of 2015 we reported a net loss of 43.2 million or 0.95 basic and diluted net loss per share with as compared to $24.4 million or $0.55 basic and diluted net loss per share with the same period in 2015. we are going to refinance the debt paid by hercules growth technology extending the interest-only period through to April 1. we expect to start the first half of the year. we expect the peak sales in the usa to be approximately $1.1 billion. we expect the peak sales in the er are approximately $1.1 billion and for the full year ended with the end in 2015 we reported a net loss of 43.3 million or 0.95 basic and diluted net losses per share with as compared to 24.4 million or $0.55 basic and diluted Net loss per share with as compared to 24.4 billion or $0.55 basic and diluted net loss / share for the same period in 2015. we expect the peak sales in the world is approximately $1.1 billion and for the full year end is approximately $1.1 billion. we will continue our commercial preparation including completing a brand identity including finalization of the logo and packaging. we will continue our commercial preparation including finalization of the logo and packaging, we are seeing face - to - face meeting of our product steering committee to review the er positioning and to explore opportunities in other parts of the hospital and non - hospital surgical setting. we expect the peak sales in the state of the er to be approximately $1.1 billion. we will expect expect some fine-tuning and especially as we work from the broader strategy to the tactics but would necessarily expect big changes in overall direction of winding commercialize these products ourselves in the united states.