 we report results for the second quarter of 2022, which includes the first results from the BrandsMart acquisition, which closed on April 1. in the second quarter of 2022, consolidated revenues were $610.4 million, an increase of 30.6% over the same period in 2021. 
 adjusted EBITDA was $48.1 million, an increase of 11.2% over the same period in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 7.9% in the second quarter of 2022, compared to 14% in the second quarter of 2021. on a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.79 in the second quarter of 2022, compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.05 in the same quarter in 2021. in the second quarter of 2022, our customer lease renewal rate was 88.5% for our company operated Aaron's stores, compared to 92.4% in the government s stimulus aided second quarter of 2021. Customer demand and payment activity progressively worsened through the quarter, leading the second quarter revenues, earnings and earnings per share for the Aaron's business coming in lower than prior year quarter and below our expectations. Likewise, lease renewal rates declined in the second quarter beyond the originally anticipated normalization. in light of these trends, we now expect additional pressure on the company s financial performance in the back half of the year. we have already taken a number of actions to optimize performance and reduce expenses in light of the changing market conditions. we have reduced operating expenses and staffing levels in our Aaron stores and store support center. also, we have reduced inventory purchases to align with current demand trends. we have centralized lease decisioning, we have been tightening lease decisioning that is going to have an impact on the demand side of the business a bit, as we're tightening and managing, setting the customer for success and sizing the right size deal for their ability to pay, but we are encouraged by that. on a positive note in the Aaron s business, we continue to see strong momentum in our e-commerce channel and our GenNext store strategy. 
 we also continue to invest in BrandsMart, which we believe is the low price leader and retailer of choice for appliances and consumer electronics in the markets we serve. BrandsMart is off to a strong start and we are encouraged by the performance of this new business segment. we remain very encouraged by the growth of our e-commerce channels and the high performance of our GenNext store strategy, and we will continue to invest in these initiatives to drive future growth. 