On February 18, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Agilent Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in Santa Clara, California.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Agilent Technologies, Inc., a San Diego, California-based biopharmaceutical company, and its president, Bob McMahon, violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint alleges that Agilent Technologies was not able to fulfill its core business growth expectations due to the Coronavirus outbreak.  The complaint alleges that Agilent's core business was down 2% in the first quarter, partially offset by a 1% increase in the second quarter.  The complaint further alleges that Agilent Technologies was unable to fulfill its core business growth expectations because of the Coronavirus.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges Agilent Technologies with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges Agilent with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement with prejudgment interest, penalties and injunctive relief.  The complaint also charges Agilent with violating Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Agilent Technologies.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Tycho Peterson, Ryan Blicker, and Patrick Souda of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Peterson and Mr. Blicker.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.