On May 12, 2022, Aadi Bioscience, Inc. ("Aadi") announced positive first-quarter financial results for its first-quarter clinical trial.  According to the company's press release announcing the launch of the clinical trial, Aadi Bioscience's product, FYARRO, was the first and only FDA-approved drug specifically indicated for advanced malignant PEComa.  According to the company's press release, FYARRO has been well received by patients and their treating physicians alike.  In the first quarter of this year, the company reported positive first-quarter sales of FYARRO.  In the second quarter, the company reported positive first-quarter net sales of FYARRO.  In the third quarter, the company reported positive first-half net sales of FYARRO.  The company also reported positive first-half net sales.  The company's stock price increased more than 20% in the first half of the year.  The company's stock price increased by more than 30%.  The company's stock price increased more than 40% in the second half of the year.  The company's cash position remained strong at approximately $130 million.  The company's revenue increased by 28% in the first quarter.  The company's stock price increased by another 20% in the second quarter.  The company's stock price increased 23% in the third quarter.  The company's CEO, Brendan Delaney, and COO, Loretta Itri, announced the launch of FYARRO.  The company's stock price increased 23%.  The company's CEO, Brendan Delaney and COO, Brendan Delaney, announced the launch of FYARRO in the second half of the year.  Brendan Delaney and Loretta Itri also announced the launch of FYARRO in the U.S. market.  The company's stock price increased by 23%.  The company's stock price increased 23% on the news.  The company's stock price increased 17% on the news.  The company's revenue increased by 28%.  The company's stock price increased 17%.  The company's stock price increased 23%, and the company's stock price increased 17%.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Jiale Song and Brendan Delaney.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an adviser