On April 22, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), a now-defunct U.S.-based airline, announced that it would restructure its business to meet demand for its long-haul services.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2019, American Airlines reported a loss of $1.3 billion in total available airline capacity.  According to the SEC's complaint, the airline's capacity was down 62% from the same period in 2019.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that American Airlines failed to maintain sufficient capacity to meet demand for its long-haul services, and that it was unable to meet demand for those services.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter of 2019, American Airlines reported a net loss of $3.5 billion.  The complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges American Airlines with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act.  The SEC is seeking a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Scott Frost, John Rymas, and David Folena of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Frost and Mr. Folena.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.