The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the period ending June 30, 2020.  The company also announced that it would raise its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company previously announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  The company previously announced that it would raise its dividend in the second half of the year and would be raising its dividend in the third quarter of this year.  The company also announced that it will be raising its pre-tax income tax rate for the year.  The company also announced that it would increase its net debt to adjusted EBITDA by $30 million.  The company also announced that it would roll out a new hub and showroom model.  The company previously raised its pre-tax income tax rate for the period ending June 30, 2016.  The company previously raised its dividend in the second quarter of this year.  The company announced that it would be raising its pre-tax income tax rate in the year ending June 30, 2020.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of any unusual trading activity.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC's investor.govÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  Investors can also check the background of anyone selling investments using the SECÂ Investor.govÂ Investor.gov website.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.