The Aaron's Company, Inc. ("AAN") announced today that it has agreed to be acquired by BrandsMart, Inc. ("BrandsMart") for a total of $1.2 billion.  The acquisition is subject to court approval.  The company's Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, BrandsMart's lease-to-own solution is not performing as well as we had anticipated. As a result of the acquisition, the company's lease-to-own business experienced significant declines in the second quarter.  As a result, the company's revenue and earnings per share declined in the second quarter and the company lowered its 2022 outlook.  The company's Board of Directors also approved the acquisition of BrandsMart.  The Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition for a total of $1.3 billion.  The Board of Directors previously approved the purchase for a total of $1.4 billion.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition for a total of $2.2 billion.  The Board of Directors previously approved this acquisition for a total of $1.2 billion, which represents approximately 40% of the company's total assets.  The Board of Directors also approved the purchase of BrandsMart for a total of $1.3 billion, which represents approximately 80% of the company's total assets.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the defendants.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert to encourage people to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov. Investors can check the background of anyone selling or offering investments using the Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using Investor.gov 