On February 27, 2015, Norman Asbjornson, President and CEO of Advanced Microcap, Inc., told investors that the company's business was performing well and that the company was poised to make significant gains in the fourth quarter and full year 2014.  Asbjornson also told investors that the company was poised to make substantial gains in the fourth quarter and full year of 2014.  As he told investors, the company's business was performing well.  As he told investors, the company was poised to make significant progress in the fourth quarter and full year of 2014 when it had a significant decline in orders.  As he told investors, however, the company's business was not performing as well as it should have been.  As he told investors, the company is going to spend a lot of money on new construction and replacing equipment.  As he told investors, "We're going to spend a lot of money on it."  As he told investors, the company was going to spend a lot more money on new construction and replacing equipment than it had in the past.  As a result of this, the company's orders for new construction and replacement equipment increased significantly.  As a result, the company's revenue increased 15.5% in the fourth quarter and 11.7% in the first quarter.  The company's net income increased 9.7% in the fourth quarter compared to the same period a year ago.  The company's revenue increased 9.7% in the fourth quarter.  The company's gross profit margin was 29.7% in the fourth quarter compared to 27.5% in 2013.  The company's stock price increased by 5.5% in the fourth quarter.  The company is forecasting a substantial increase in the number of units sold in the second half of the year.  The company's stock price increased by 9.7% in the fourth quarter, and the company's adjusted net income increased by 9.7% in the first half of the year.  The company's adjusted net income per share was up 9.7% in the first quarter compared to the same period a year ago, and the company's adjusted net income per share increased by 9.7%.  The company's adjusted net income per share increased by 5.7% in the second quarter.  The company's forecast for the year is based on the number of units sold, not the number of units sold.  The company's forecast for the second half of the year is based on new construction and new equipment sales.  The company's forecast for the second quarter is based on new construction and new equipment sales, and the company's adjusted net income for the year is based on new equipment sales.  The company's