On May 5, 2022, the company announced that it has acquired BasX Solutions, Inc., a microcap company that manufactures and sells cold-weather air source heat pumps.  The company announced that it had acquired BasX Solutions, a microcap company based in Longview, California.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, BasX Solutions was the company’s first-quarter revenue driver.  The company’s backlog and order growth were up nearly 300% year-over-year.  The company’s revenue was up nearly 300% from a year ago.  The company’s backlog was up nearly 300% year-over-year, and the company’s revenue synergies were better than initially estimated.  As a result of the acquisition, the company’s revenue has increased substantially year-over-year.  According to the company’s press release announcing the acquisition, BasX Solutions generated revenue of $461.4 million in the first quarter.  The company’s backlog is up nearly 300% year-over-year and the company is on track to achieving target profitability in the second half of the year.  The company’s orders for BasX Solutions are up over 20% year-over-year.  The revenue synergies are better than initially estimated.  The company’s gross profit was up 38.2% in the first quarter, which represented an acceleration from the fourth quarter and the 55% growth we saw in the first half of the year.  The company is on track to return to target profitability later this year.  The company’s Board of Directors has issued an order for BasX Solutions, which is a microcap company that builds and sells air source heat pumps.  The Board of Directors has issued an order for the company to acquire BasX Solutions.  The Board of Directors has issued an Order for BasX Solutions.  The Board of Directors approved the acquisition on May 4.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment by using the SEC’s Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments by using the SEC’sÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  Investors can also check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment by using theÂ Investor.govÂ 