On November 5, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a temporary restraining order and a temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a temporary restraining order and temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a temporary restraining order and ordered a temporary restraining order and a temporary restraining order to prevent any further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Court granted the court's motion for a temporary restraining injunction and ordered a temporary restraining order and temporary restraining order against further violations of the federal securities laws.  The Court granted the court's order for a temporary restraining order and temporary restraining order and ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions.  The court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and temporary restraining order against further violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The court granted the court's order against the defendants.  The court entered a temporary restraining order on November 5, 2020.  The court entered a temporary restraining order against the defendants.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order on November 6, 2020.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order against further violations of the federal antifraud provisions of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.