On May 19, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP), a North Carolina-based auto parts company, alleging that it lost more than $250 million in sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  According to the complaint, Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet customer demand for its products because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The complaint alleges that Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet demand for its products and services. The complaint further alleges that Advance Auto Parts did not meet customer demand for its products and services. As a result, Advance Auto Parts had to delay its April 1, 2020 earnings release to reflect the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, Advance Auto Parts' first quarter net sales were down 8.6% compared to the prior year quarter. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Advance Auto Parts had to delay its earnings release to reflect the impact on the company's financial performance. The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Advance Auto Parts with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint charges Advance Auto Parts with violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Advance Auto Parts has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by David Bellinger and Brian Nagel of the Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Ms. Eisleben. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.