The Apple Inc. (AAPL) today announced that it has raised more than $1 billion to help first time homeowners and construct 1000s of new affordable housing units across the U.S. and around the world.  The company also announced that it has raised $1 billion from at least 35 investors.  According to the company's investor alert, the company's stock price rose more than 40 percent in the first quarter of the year.  The company also announced that it had raised $1 billion from at least 35 investors in China.  According to the SEC's investor alert, Apple's stock price rose more than 50 percent in the first quarter of the year, and the company's revenue increased by more than 40 percent.  The company also announced that Apple Pay, which enables Apple Pay users to use Apple Pay, is now available on Apple Pay.  The company's stock price rose more than 30 percent in the first quarter.  The company's stock price increased more than 40 percent in the second quarter.  The company's stock price rose nearly 50 percent.  The company's revenue increased by nearly $1 billion in the second quarter.  The company's earnings per share increased by nearly 37 percent.  The company's revenue increased by more than 36 percent in the second quarter.  The company is continuing to invest in education and coding, and the company is investing in new products and services.  The company's stock price increased by more than 50 percent in the second quarter.  The company also raised its dividend by $1.05 per share.  The company's stock price increased by $1.05 per share in the second quarter.  The company's revenue increased by nearly 40 percent in the second quarter.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Apple employees.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Wamsi Mohan, and the case is being supervised by Sanjay Wadhwa.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.