On October 27, 2015, Apple Inc. (AAPL) announced that it has entered into a long-term agreement to acquire and operate a number of microcap companies.  The deal is subject to court approval.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, which was subject to court approval by the court, the deal is subject to court approval by the court.  The deal is subject to court approval by the court, which will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The deal is subject to court approval and the court will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The deal is subject to approval by the court.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $1.5 billion civil penalty to settle a related criminal case brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay a $1.5 million civil penalty to settle a criminal case brought by the SEC.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court, and the court will determine the amount of disgorge, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Toni Sacconaghi and Simona Jankowski of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the case is being supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of foreign exchange manipulation.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of foreign currency manipulation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling an investment by using the Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.