On July 22, 2014, Apple announced that it has entered into a long-term agreement with IBM to provide a cloud-based platform for Apple's mobile products and services.  According to the company's press release announcing the deal, which is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, Apple's flagship product, Apple's flagship product, the Apple Watch, is now available on the Apple Store.  According to the company's press release, Apple's partnership with IBM will enable Apple to offer Apple's flagship product, the Apple Watch, in the U.S. and around the world.  According to the company's press releases, Apple's partnership with IBM will allow Apple to offer Apple's flagship product, Apple Watch, in the U.S. as well as throughout the world.  The company's press release also stated that Apple will provide Apple's flagship smartphone, the Apple Watch, with a $1.5 billion annualized rate.  The company also announced that it would provide Apple's flagship smartphone, the Apple Watch.  The company also announced that it would offer Apple's flagship smartphone, the Apple Watch, as part of a $1.5 billion cloud-computing partnership.  The company also announced that it would be investing $1.5 billion in its cloud-computing business.  The company's stock price rose more than 20 percent on the news.  The company's stock price increased more than 30 percent on the news.  The company's earnings announcement on July 22, 2014, was the latest in a long line of announcements about Apple's cloud-computing partnership with IBM.  The company's stock price rose about 20 percent on the news.  The company is continuing to invest in its incredible ecosystem, which includes Apple Watch, Apple Watch, Apple Pay, and the Apple Watch.  The company is also investing in its cloud-computing business, which includes Apple Watch, Apple Watch, and Apple Watch.  The company is also investing heavily in its cloud-computing business.  Apple Watch sales rose more than 20 percent in the U.S. in the June quarter.  The company's cloud-computing business, Apple Watch, Apple Watch, and Apple Watch are all gaining market share in the U.S.  Apple Watch sales are up more than 50% year-over-year in a market that is shrinking by 2% according to IDC’s latest estimate.  The company's cloud-computing partnership with IBM has enabled Apple to offer Apple Watch, Apple Watch, and Apple Watch in the U.S.  The company's cloud-computing capabilities enabled Apple Watch users to quickly and easily access the cloud-computing capabilities