On May 2, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that American Assets Trust, Inc. ("AAT"), a Portland, Oregon-based REIT, announced positive first-quarter financial results.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Portland, Oregon, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2018, American Assets reported a loss of approximately $0.01 per share in same-store rent.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Oregon, alleges that, in the first quarter, American Assets reported a loss of approximately 13% in same-store rent.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter of 2018, American Assets reported that it had leased 91,000 square feet of office space at a cost of approximately $2.09 per share.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, American Assets reported a net loss of approximately $0.01 per share.  The SEC's complaint charges American Assets with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American Assets has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $0.01 per share.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Brian Hawthorne of RBC Capital Markets, and the litigation will be handled by the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Oregon and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.