The U.S. Biopharma Analyst at Morgan Stanley today discussed the potential impact of the Allergan acquisition on the company's revenue and profitability.  The analyst also discussed the potential impact of the Allergan deal on the company's share capture.  The analyst also discussed the impact of the Allergan deal on its share capture.  According to the analyst, the Allergan deal significantly increased the company's share of revenue in the U.S. and Europe.  The analyst also highlighted the potential impact of the Allergan deal.  According to the analyst, investors were concerned that the Allergan deal would put pressure on the company's share capture rate.  The analyst also highlighted that the Allergan deal was a little more restrictive than what we had provided.  The analyst also noted that the Allergan deal was a little less restrictive.  The analyst also highlighted that the company was investing in multiple indications in parallel.  The analyst also highlighted that the company's share capture rate was just over 4%, which is lower than what we had provided in the guidance.  The analyst also highlighted the fact that the Allergan deal was more restrictive than we had expected.  The analyst also highlighted the importance of the Allergan deal for the company.  The analyst also highlighted the importance of having a long-term strategy.  The analyst also highlighted the importance of investing in multiple indications.  The analyst also highlighted the importance of a long-term strategy.  The Analyst also asked about the potential impact of the Allergan transaction on the company's share capture.  The Analyst's Response:  The Analyst's Response:  The Analyst:  The Analyst's Response:  The market for Allergan is extremely active.  The Analyst's Response:  The Market for Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALLERG), Inc. (NYSE: ALLERG), Inc. (NASDAQ: ALLERG).  The Analyst's Response:  The market is active.  The Analyst's Response:  Investors should be aware that the Allergan deal is subject to approval by the SEC.  The Analyst's Response:  The U.S. market for Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Allergan"), Inc. (NASDAQ: ALLERG) (NASDAQ: ALLERG), and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DOH) (DOH) (DOH) (ROH) (DOH) (DOH).  The Analyst's Response:  The Analyst Considers a Long-Term Strategy for Allergan.  The Analyst's Response: