On April 30, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of the Exchange Act, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Rule 10b-5, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5, and ordering a preliminary injunction against further violations of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Exchange Act Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5.  The Court will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordering an injunction against future violations of Exchange Act Section 10b-5 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordering an asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge will determine the appropriate amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest and civil penalties to be determined by the court upon motion of the Honorable Judge.