On January 29, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Ameris Bancorp, Inc., a Florida-based bank, alleging that it failed to adequately manage its mortgage business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Atlanta, alleges that Ameris failed to adequately manage its mortgage business.  According to the SEC's complaint, Ameris failed to adequately manage its mortgage business, which is one of the reasons why it was so underfunded.  The complaint, filed in federal court in Atlanta, charges that Ameris failed to adequately manage its mortgage operations.  The complaint alleges that Ameris failed to adequately manage its loan portfolio and that it was unable to generate sufficient volume to cover its expenses.  The complaint further alleges that Ameris failed to adequately account for the losses incurred on its loans.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges that Ameris failed to adequately account for the loan losses incurred on its loans.  The complaint further alleges that Ameris did not adequately account for the losses incurred on those loans.  The SEC's complaint charges that Ameris failed to adequately account for those losses.  The complaint charges that Ameris failed to appropriately account for the losses incurred on those loans.  The complaint charges that Ameris failed to account for the loan losses incurred on those loans.  The complaint charges that Ameris violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges that Ameris violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The complaint charges that Ameris violated Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Ameris has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by David Feaster and Brody Preston of the Atlanta Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Feaster and Mr. Preston.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.