On February 24, 2022, Arcosa Inc. (NYSE:ACA) announced that it has completed the integration of two natural aggregates-led acquisitions.  The company's fourth quarter and full year earnings call is being conducted by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck of CJS Securities.  The company's first quarter and full year earnings call was conducted by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck.  Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck will lead the call.  According to the company's first quarter and full year earnings call, revenues increased 14% and adjusted EBITDA increased 30%, respectively.  The company's second quarter and full year earnings call, respectively, were down 34% and 30%, respectively, from the prior year.  The company's third quarter and full year earnings call, Antonio Carillo, President and CEO, and Gail Peck, COO, both of whom will lead the call.  The company's fourth quarter and full-year earnings call is being conducted by Antonio Carillo.  The company's first quarter and full-year earnings call was conducted by Gail Peck, Antonio Carillo, and Antonio Carillo.  The company's second quarter and full-year earnings call were conducted by Antonio Carillo, Gail Peck, and Antonio Carillo.  The third quarter and full year earnings call were conducted by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck, and the company's fourth quarter and full year earnings call by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck was by Antonio Carillo.  Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck are the co-chief operating officers of the company.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Texas, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Market Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to use the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.