The company announced today that it has acquired U.S. Well Services, Inc., a Texas-based oil and gas services company, for a total of $30 million. The deal is subject to court approval.  The company's Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 11, 2022.  The Board of Directors also approved the purchase of a second unit of U.S. Well Services.  The acquisition is subject to court approval.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition of a third unit of U.S. Well Services, for a total of $140 million.  The Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 13, 2016.  The Board of Directors approved the purchase on November 16, 2016.  The Board of Directors also approved the sale of a fourth unit of U.S. Well Services on November 17, 2016.  The Board of Directors also authorized the purchase of a fifth unit of U.S. Well Services, which is expected to be operational by the end of the year.  The Board of Directors approved the purchase of U.S. Well Services on November 18, 2016.  The Board of Directors approved this acquisition on November 20, 2016.  The Board of Directors also issued an order approving the acquisition on November 21, 2016.  The Board of Directors has issued an order approving the acquisition on November 23, 2016.  The Board of Directors has scheduled a hearing for November 24, 2016, to consider the merits of the acquisition.  The Board of Directors will consider the appropriate course of action.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors, the U.S. Well Services Corporation, and the U.S. Well Services Corporation.  The Board of Directors also issued an Order approving the acquisition.  The Board of Directors also approved the issuance of an Order approving the acquisition.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.