On July 27, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire reinsurance company Arch Insurance Group Ltd.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Arch Insurance Group violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Arch Insurance Group has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a civil penalty in the event of an emergency.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Arch Insurance Group with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(2) thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval, and the settlement is subject to court approval.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Arch Insurance Group agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Yaron Kinar and Tracy Benguigui of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.