On May 5, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has suspended the sale of its U.S.-based specialty healthcare business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that over the course of the last two years, Acadia Healthcare, Inc. ("Acadia"), along with several other healthcare providers, has experienced significant declines in the number of patients seeking care.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in New York, alleges that, in the U.S. and the U.K., Acadia Healthcare experienced significant declines in the number of patients seeking treatment.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, alleges that, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Acadia Healthcare's revenue declined 7% in the first half of the year.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acadia Healthcare has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by John Ransom and Gary Taylor of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.