On August 6, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an order for a second round of advanced packaging products.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the second quarter of 2020, China-based microelectronics manufacturer ACM Research Inc. (ACM) announced that it had received an order for a new round of advanced packaging products.  According to the SEC's complaint, ACM's technology enabled it to manufacture and sell its products in China and around the world.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, ACM announced that it had received an order for a second round of advanced packaging tools.  The complaint further alleges that ACM's technology enabled it to acquire the first round of advanced packaging tools from China-based suppliers.  The complaint further alleges that, based on this information, ACM's first round of advanced packaging tools were delivered in the second quarter of 2020.  The complaint further alleges that ACM had no revenue for its first round of advanced packaging tools.  The SEC's complaint, however, is that ACM's first round of advanced packaging tools, which include SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe, were delivered in the second quarter.  The SEC's complaint charges ACM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges ACM with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges ACM with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ACM has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Gary Dvorchak and supervised by C.J. Kerstetter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of China-based microelectronics manufacturers.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov website.