On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced that it has agreed to acquire DanChem, a leading full service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  The acquisition is the latest in a series of acquisitions that Synalloy has announced.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Austin, Texas on November 9, 2020, DanChem was unable to generate sufficient revenue to support its operations.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Austin, Texas, alleges that DanChem was unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet its long-term financial goals.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, alleges that DanChem was unable to meet its long-term financial goals and was unable to generate sufficient revenue to cover its operating expenses.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of Texas, charges DanChem with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, DanChem has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a civil penalty in the amount of one million dollars.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Aaron Tam, and the litigation will be led by Ben Rosenzweig.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Texas and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.