On March 7, 2016, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced that it has completed a Phase 3 clinical trial of its product candidates, ARX-04 and Zalviso.  The company also announced that it has signed an agreement to conduct an open-label clinical trial of ARX-04 in the emergency room.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to conduct an open-label trial of ARX-04 in the emergency department.  The company also announced that it has completed a protocol review with the FDA for an open-label clinical study of Zalviso called the IAP312 in post-operative patients.  According to the company's press release, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on November 3, 2015, ARX-04 was found to be safe and effective in acute moderate-to-severe acute pain.  The company also announced that Zalviso has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain.  According to the company's press release announcing the FDA's approval of ARX-04 and Zalviso, the company's first clinical trial of ARX-04 was conducted in October 2015 and the company's first clinical trial of Zalviso was conducted in November 2015.  The company's fourth quarter and year-end financial results were also reported on November 3, 2015.  The company's first quarter and year-end financial results were both reported in the press release.  The company's second quarter and year-end financial results were reported on November 3, 2015.  The third quarter and year-end financial results for ARX-04 and Zalviso were reported on November 3, 2015.  In the fourth quarter and year-end financial results, the company reported a net loss of $10.5 million or $0.24 basic and diluted net loss per share.  The company's first quarter and year end financial results were both reported in the press release, and the company's first quarter and year-end financials were reported in the press release.  The fourth quarter and year-end financial results are being reported in the press release.  The company is continuing to review and research the potential use of ARX-04, Zalviso and ARX-04.  The company's first quarter financial results were reported in the press release on November 3, 2015.  The company is continuing to evaluate the market for ARX-04, Zalviso, and the timing of the launch of Zalviso in Europe by Grunenthal.  The decrease in net loss in the fourth quarter of 2015 was primarily due to the reduction in cost-related to the Zalviso development program, the cost reduction plan implemented at the end of March 2015, and the revenue