On May 8, 2019, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced positive first-quarter financial results.  The company's CEO, Vince Angotti, and CFO, Dr. Pam Palmer, announced positive first-quarter financial results.  According to the company's press releases, DSUVIA, a non-invasive, non-invasive opioid treatment for acute pain, was approved in April 2019 for use in hospitals.  The company also announced earlier this month that it would become an approved vendor at one of the largest ambulatory surgical centers in the U.S., allowing physicians to avoid initiating an IV while efficiently managing the patient's pain.  The company also announced in April that it would become an approved vendor at a specific hospital.  The company's first-quarter financial results were in line with expectations.  The company's second quarter financial results were in line with expectations.  In the first quarter of 2019, the company reported positive first-quarter sales of DSUVIA in over 400 hospitals.  The company's second quarter financial results, which were in line with expectations, were in line with expectations.  The company also reported positive first-quarter financial results for the period ending April 30, 2019.  The company's second quarter financial results are in line with expectations.  The company's first quarter financial results were in line with expectations, and the company's second quarter financial results were in line.  The company's third quarter financial results were in line with expectations, but the company's first-quarter financial results were not in line with expectations.  The company's fourth quarter financial results were in line with expectations, with the company's first-quarter financial results in line with expectations.  The company's third-quarter financial results were in line with expectations, with revenue growth of 37%, compared to 35% expected for the year.  The company's fourth quarter financial results are in line with expectations, and the company's first-quarter financial results are in line with expectations.  In addition, the company's first-quarter financial results for the first quarter of 2019 were in line with expectations.  The second quarter financial results for the first quarter were in line with expectations.  The third quarter financial results for the first quarter of 2019, however, were in line with expectations.  The fourth quarter financial results for the first quarter of 2019 are in line with expectations.  The company is optimistic about DSUVIA's potential for use within the emergency department.  The company's second quarter financial results for the period ending April 30 were in line with expectations.  The company is continuing to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DSUVIA.