On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million in the quarter.  The company's stock price rose significantly, and Acacia's stock price increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased significantly, and Acacia's share price increased significantly.  The company's stock price increased significantly after the announcement of the Oxford Nanopore Technologies acquisition.  The company's stock price increased significantly and Acacia's stock price increased significantly.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its outstanding position in Oxford Nanopore Technologies, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brett Reiss and Janney Montgomery Scott, and the litigation will be handled by Mr. Reiss and Mr. Reiss.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.