On May 11, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Acacia Research Corp. ("Acacia") announced the acquisition of two patents.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acacia's patents portfolio was acquired by Starboard Value, a private company that was spun out of Yahoo prior to Yahoo's sale to Verizon.  The complaint alleges that Acacia's patents were not tied to investments in intellectual property and were instead used to generate revenue.  According to the complaint, from the fourth quarter of 2018 to the first quarter of 2020, Acacia acquired more than 2,500 patents that were spun out of Yahoo prior to Yahoo's acquisition of Yahoo.  The complaint alleges that Acacia's patent portfolio was highly valued and had applicability to a variety of industries including enterprise software, web search and analytics, online shopping and advertising and audio and video streaming services among others.  The complaint alleges that Acacia violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint also charges Acacia with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Janney Montgomery Scott and Wayne Cadwallader of the SEC's Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Fink.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.