On October 16, 2015, Acme United Corp. (NYSE:ACU) announced that it has agreed to pay $1.2 million for a share buyback program and to be retained as an officer and director of the company.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Acme United had record sales and earnings in the third quarter of 2015.  The complaint alleges that Acme United had to close about 400 stores in the U.S. and Canada in the third quarter of 2015.  As part of the consolidation, Acme United agreed to pay $1.2 million to be retained as an officer and director of a large industrial wholesaler.  The complaint alleges that Acme United's stock price increased substantially in the third quarter, and that Acme United's stock price increased substantially as a result of the consolidation.  The complaint further alleges that Acme United's stock price increased significantly in the third quarter and year-to-date.  Acme United's net sales for the third quarter were $29.9 million compared to $30 million in the comparable period last year.  The company's net income was $1.21 million in the quarter and $1.19 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The complaint alleges that the company's stock price increased substantially in the third quarter and year-to-year, and that Acme United's share price increased substantially.  The complaint alleges that Acme United violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acme United has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws, imposes a $1.2 million officer-and-director bar, and requires Acme United to pay a $100,000 civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acme United with violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Tim McCall and John Rymas of the Boston office.  The litigation will be led by Walter Johnsen.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office