On August 9, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Adaptimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADAP), alleging that it failed to develop a treatment for ovarian cancer.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that the company failed to develop a diagnostic for ovarian cancer.  The SEC's complaint alleges that the company failed to develop a treatment for ovarian cancer, and that it failed to develop a companion diagnostic for MAGE-A4.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that the company failed to develop a companion diagnostic for ovarian cancer.  According to the SEC's complaint, the company was unable to develop a companion diagnostic for ovarian cancer, and the company was unable to develop one.  The SEC's complaint, filed on August 9, 2020, charges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Adaptimmune has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by John Lunger, Marc Frahm, and Kelsey Goodwin of the New York office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.