On February 15, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a portfolio of high-quality retail real estate. The agreement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, alleges that, between January and February of this year, the SEC obtained an emergency court order freezing the assets of certain of the largest retailers in the country.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that, in 2017, the SEC obtained an emergency court order freezing assets held by certain of the largest retailers.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, alleges that, contrary to what the court order alleges, the majority of the retailers in the U.S. had no option but to sell their real estate at or above market prices.  The SEC's complaint, filed on February 15, 2020, charges the SEC with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the SEC's complaint charges the defendants with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint charges the defendants with violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and orders them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendants with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The complaint also charges the defendants with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Ravi Vaidya and William Tsai of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Joey Agree.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.