On August 2, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it filed a complaint with the SEC alleging that it obtained a court order to freeze the assets of two of its largest unprofitable REITs.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first half of the year, the SEC obtained a court order freezing the assets of two of the largest REITs in the country.  According to the complaint, the court order freezes the assets of the two largest REITs, Bed Bath & Beyond and Kwik Trip, and the court order freezes the assets of the other two REITs.  The court order freezes the assets of the remaining two REITs.  The court order also freezes the assets of the third-largest REIT, Bed Bath & Beyond.  The court order freezes the assets of other REITs.  The court order freezes all of the assets in the pipeline.  The court order freezes the assets.  The court order freezes the assets and the court order freezes the assets.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendants with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining them from violating Section 17(a) of the Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordering them to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest thereon.  The court granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered the asset freeze, and ordered the asset freeze.  The court granted the SEC's request for a preliminary injunction, ordered the asset freeze and ordered the asset freeze to be halted.  The court granted the SEC's request to freeze the assets of the two largest REITs in the country.  The court granted the SEC's motion to freeze the assets of the other two REITs and ordered the asset freeze to be conducted by the court at a later date.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brian Hawthorne and supervised by Scott Frost.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.