The U.S. semiconductor and semiconductor company today announced that it has agreed to pay $1.5 billion to acquire microcap company Advanced Microelectronics, Inc. (ADI).  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ADI's revenue was down significantly in the second quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, alleges that ADI's revenue was down significantly from the prior year.  The complaint further alleges that ADI's revenue was up significantly in the second quarter.  The complaint further alleges that ADI was not able to meet its revenue growth targets because it was underweight in the power business.  The complaint, filed in the U.S., charges ADI with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ADI has agreed to pay a $1.5 billion penalty for violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investment decisions by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.