On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines, which was acquired by American in 2005, overstated the number of pilots it had in its network.  According to the complaint, the airline's pilots were not performing as well as they should have been.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines' pilots were not performing as well as they were supposed to.  The complaint alleges that the airline's pilots were not performing at their best.  As a result, the airline's revenue per available seat mile declined.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Complaint Bulletin, alleges that the airline's pilots were not performing well.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $3.5 billion.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Deborah Isom, John Rymas, and Glenn S. Gordon of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Deborah Isom.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.