The Nicole's Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same-store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year.  The company also announced that it would be raising its full-year same-store sales guidance for the second half of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 8.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 11.2%.  The company also announced that it had increased its lease portfolio by 80% in the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company returned significant capital to shareholders.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  As Carol and I discussed in our prepared remarks, the company's financial performance has been strong and the company is executing well.  The company's second quarter revenue and earnings per share increased 8.2% and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 11.2%.  The company's full-year guidance for the second half of the year is $467.5 million.  The company's second quarter earnings per share was $1.05 in the second quarter of 2020, an increase of $0.22, or 26.5%, over the prior year.  The company's second half earnings per share was $1.05, an increase of $0.11, or 26.5%, over the second quarter of the prior year.  The company's financial performance for the second half of the year was better than we had anticipated.  The company's revenue increased 8.2% year-over-year.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 11.2% over the second quarter of 2020.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business.  The company's financial performance is strong and the company is executing well.  As Carol and I discussed, the company's financial performance has been strong.  The company is executing well.  The company has raised its full-year same-store sales guidance.  The company has also raised its full-year same-store sales outlook for the second half of the year.  In the second quarter, the company raised its full-year revenue outlook.  The company's adjusted EBITDA for the second half of the year increased by 11.2%.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin for the second half of the year was $132.8 million.  The company's adjusted EBITDA