The Kelly's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company's CEO, Helen Lindsay, and CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from the Retail Strategy Task Force, both of whom are also from the Retail Strategy Task Force, agreed to participate in the second quarter earnings call to provide an update on the company's financial performance and outlook for the second half of the year.  The company's second quarter earnings release, which was released yesterday, provided an update on the company’s financial performance.  According to the company’s second quarter earnings release, the company reported stronger than expected second-quarter comparable sales.  The company’s second quarter earnings release, which was also the company’s first quarter earnings release, showed that the company’s lease portfolio size was down significantly from the prior year quarter.  The company’s third quarter earnings release, which was the company’s first quarter earnings release since 2011, showed that the company was experiencing pressure in demand for its products and services.  The company’s second quarter revenue was down 10% year-over-year, and the company’s net debt was down by over $30 million.  The company’s second quarter financial results, which was the company’s first since 2011, were better than expected.  The company’s second quarter net debt was up 10% year-over-year.  The company’s third quarter net debt was down 10% as well.  The company’s fourth quarter net debt was up 10%.  The company’s first quarter net debt was down 10% year-over-year.  As a result, the company’s second quarter net debt was down 10%.  The company’s first-quarter net debt was up 10%.  The second quarter net debt was up 10% year over year.  The company’s first-half net debt was down 10%.  The company has not disclosed the company’s second-quarter net debt.  The company’s third-quarter net debt was down 10%.  The company is currently seeking to restructure its balance sheet.  The company’s fourth quarter earnings release, which was issued yesterday, provided an update on its financial performance.  The company’s second-quarter net debt was down 10% year over year.  The company has not disclosed its second-quarter net debt.  The company has not disclosed its third-quarter net debt.  The company