On May 31, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), its former CEO, and its former CFO, Jeff Shepherd.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of the year, Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet its price targets because of supply chain headwinds.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Advance Auto Parts made significant investments in its core business in order to meet its price targets.  The complaint alleges that Advance Auto's price targets for its core business were materially overstated in the first quarter.  As a result of these investments, Advance Auto's net sales declined by more than 300 basis points.  The complaint alleges that Advance Auto's prices were materially overstated in the first quarter, and that Advance Auto's price targets were materially overstated in the second quarter.  As a result of these factors, Advance Auto's net sales declined by 304 basis points.  The SEC's complaint charges Advance Auto with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Advance Auto has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Scott Ciccarelli and Mark Dee of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are professionals.