On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's adjusted net income increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased 2%.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first half of the year was $1.45 per share higher than the prior year's $1.07 per share.  In the second quarter, the company reported record sales of $1.04 billion.  The company's adjusted net income rose 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased by 2.5%.  The company's adjusted net income and free cash flow were both above the prior year's levels.  The company's adjusted free cash flow was $1.07 per share.  The company's adjusted operating income and free cash flow were both above expectations.  The company's adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow were both above expectations.  In the fourth quarter, the company reported record sales and earnings per share of $1.07.  The company's adjusted free cash flow increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow was $1.09 per share.  The company's adjusted free cash flow for the year was $1.07 per share.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ACCO Brands has agreed to pay over $1.5 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Christopher McGinnis, Jean Gomes, and Sandra Steinke of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. McGinnis.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA, the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.