The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) second quarter earnings call and webcast is being conducted by Jacquelinel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer, and Lisa O'Neill, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, U.S. Well Services has agreed to pay $39 million in interest and penalties to acquire and operate 10 electric fleets.  The SEC's complaint alleges that U.S. Well Services failed to disclose its plans to exit the diesel market and become fully electric.  According to the complaint, U.S. Well Services' fleet was oversupplied with equipment and pricing was not recovering as quickly as we thought.  The complaint further alleges that U.S. Well Services' decision to exit the diesel market and become fully electric resulted in significant increases in the company's operating costs.  The complaint further alleges that U.Well Services failed to disclose its plans to acquire and operate 10 electric fleets.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, U.S. Well Services has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges U.S. Well Services with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, U.S. Well Services agreed to a final judgment that permanently enjoins the company from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval, and the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties will be determined by the court at a later date.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jacquelinel Broussard and Ashley Gengaro of the SEC's New York office.  The litigation will be led by Jacquelinel Broussard.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.