Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. ("ACHV") announced today that it has completed a clinical trial that is intended to help smokers quit.  According to the company's press release announcing the trial results, the company has been engaged in discussions with key opinion leaders in the field of smoking cessation and nicotine addiction.  The company's CEO, Dr. Abigail Clarke, and a member of the clinical trial committee, Dr. Nancy Rigotti, have agreed to participate in discussions with potential commercialization partners.  The company also agreed to pay a $50 million penalty for failing the trial.  According to the company's press release, the penalty is $50 million.  The company's CEO also agreed to pay a $20 million penalty for failing the trial.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Clarke.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jacqueline McCarthy of the Chicago Regional Office and supervised by Marc Blau of the Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. McCarthy.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an e-cigarette using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.