On February 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACV).  The SEC's complaint alleges that ACV Auctions, Inc. was not positioned as a leader in the U.S. market for its products and services.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions was not positioned as a leader in the market for its products and services.  As a result, the complaint alleges, ACV Auctions lost market share in the first half of the year.  As a result, ACV Auctions lost market share and revenue per unit in the first half of the year.  The complaint, however, was that ACV Auctions was not positioned as the leader in the market.  The complaint alleges that ACV was not positioned as a leader in the market.  The complaint, however, is that ACV Auctions is not positioned as the leader in the market for its products.  The complaint alleges that, contrary to what the complaint alleges, ACV Auctions is not positioned as a leader in the marketplace.  The complaint also alleges that ACV Auctions did not have a clear path to profitability in the first half of the year.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions and its CEO, Bill Zerella, have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges ACV with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ACV Auctions has agreed to a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.