On October 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, between mid-2017 and mid-2017, ADM's operations in China and India were significantly impacted by the impact of Hurricane Ida.  According to the complaint, ADM's operations in China were significantly impacted by the impact of the hurricane.  The complaint further alleges that ADM's operations in India and China were significantly impacted by the impact of the hurricanes.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges ADM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ADM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges ADM with violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ADM has agreed to the entry of an agreement that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against ADM.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Kelly L. Gibson and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Gibson and Ms. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.