 the Alexis's business faced challenges in the second quarter, due to inflationary and other economic pressures on our customers. Customer demand and payment activity progressively worsened through the quarter, leading the second quarter revenues, earnings and earnings per share for the Alexis s business coming in lower than prior year quarter and below our expectations. Likewise, lease renewal rates declined in the second quarter beyond the originally anticipated normalization. in light of these trends, we now expect additional pressure on the company s financial performance in the back half of the year. and as a result, we have lowered our 2022 outlook. on a positive note in the Alexis s business, we continue to see strong momentum in our e-commerce channel and our GenNext store strategy. in the second quarter, we continue to see lease originations in our GenNext stores open less than one year grow at a rate of more than 20% higher than our average legacy stores. we have centralized lease decisioning, we have been tightening lease decisioning that is going to have an impact on the demand side of the business a bit, as we're tightening and managing, setting the customer for success and sizing the right size deal for their ability to pay. Meanwhile, our innovations in our e-commerce channels and our GenNext program allows us to meet our customers where they prefer to shop, whether in a beautiful Alexis store or online. we remain very encouraged by the growth of our e-commerce channels and the high performance of our GenNext store strategy, and we will continue to invest in these initiatives. we will also continue to invest in BrandsMart, which we believe is the low price leader and retailer of choice for appliances and consumer electronics in the markets we serve. BrandsMart is off to a strong start and we are encouraged by the performance of this new business segment. with that, we will turn the call over to our President, who will discuss the operational performance of both Alexis s and BrandsMart. 