 we report record revenue of $37.4 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, up 6% year-over-year and net income of $7.7 billion, translating to diluted earnings per share of $1.28, a 20% year-over-year increase. 
 we sold 35.2 million iPhones, an increase of 4 million over last year, representing 13% growth. iPhone sales were at the high end of our expectations, despite new product rumors that we believe resulted in purchase delay. we generated healthy growth in our entry priced, mid-tier and lead iPhone categories and we achieved double digit growth in the education buying season with double-digit growth in the K to 12 market, driven primarily by large deployments of MacBook Air. we also had a record June quarter for Mac sales, with growth of 18% year-over-year in a market that is shrinking by 2% according to the latest estimate. 
 this growth was more than offset by lower sales in more mature markets. iPad sales grew overall in the developing markets with particularly strong year-over-year growth in the Middle-East, where iPad sales were up 64%, in China where they grew 51%, and in India, where they were up 45%. 
 this growth was offset by lower sales in more mature markets like the U.S. and in the developed countries like the U.S. and in the emerging market like the european countries.    
 we continue to invest in our incredible ecosystem, which is a huge asset for Apple and a very important differentiator of our customer experience. iOS 8 provides developers with amazing new frameworks, enables wide use of Touch ID to securely authenticate users within apps and lets developers further customize the user experience with major extensibility features such as third-party keyboards. With iOS 8, we have opened over 4000 APIs providing more flexibility and opportunity for developers than ever before. we think our partnership with IBM, providing a new generation of mobile enterprise applications, designed with iPad’s legendary ease of use and backed by IBM’s cloud services and data analytics will be one such catalyst for future iPad growth. And in the Enterprise, we are including new security, productivity and device management features in iOS 8. we think that the core thing that unleashes this is a better go to market, which IBM clearly brings to the table, but even more importantly apps that are written with Mobile First in mind. And so we are excited about bringing that to business with partnering with IBM to bring over 100 Mobile First apps to enterprise clients, each addressing a specific industry need or opportunity. 