 we report record revenue of $51.5 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and net income of $11.1 billion, a 38% year-over-year increase and cash flow from operations of $13.5 billion, a new fourth quarter record.    
 we sold 48 million iPhones in the quarter, up 22% year over year with strong performance around the world throughout the quarter. Revenue from other products grew strongly up 61% year-over-year mainly due to the growing contribution from Apple Watch.    
 we crossed 100 billion cumulative downloads from the App Store and we added powerful new services to our ecosystem, including Apple Pay in the United States, in the United Kingdom, Apple Music in over a 100 countries and Apple News in the U.S. we also entered an entirely new category with Apple Watch and we are in the very early innings of this promising new part of our business.    
 we were very active in the market during the quarter and returned over $17 billion to our investors through dividends and share repurchases while continuing to invest confidently in research and development, marketing and distribution, our retail and online stores, our supply chain and our infrastructure.    
 we completed 15 acquisitions to enhance and accelerate our roadmap for products and services.    
 we are ending the year on a high note with a record breaking September quarter including sales of 48 million iPhones beating our expectations and up 22% year-over-year.    
 we also sold 5.7 million Macs, which is an all time quarterly record and represents 3% year-over-year growth.    
 we made huge inroads into emerging markets generating over $79 billion in revenue and growing 63% despite very strong headwinds from foreign exchange rates.    
 we achieved these outstanding results despite severe and persisting weakness in foreign exchange rates around the world that affected all our geographic segments and this makes our year-over-year growth rates even more remarkable.    
 we are also making great progress in the enterprise market, announcing a new strategic partnership with Cisco in September while furthering our progress with IBM in building our mobility partners program. 