 we report strong revenue growth in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 with revenue of $26.1 million up 5% compared to the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA of $6.1 million or 23% of revenue was up 5% compared to the prior year quarter and up 24% year-over-year. 
 we exited the quarter with an active customer base of $101.4 million, up 7% year-over-year and continued to see strong growth in both the enterprise and education markets. 
 we also saw a significant increase in demand for new computing devices across our customer base in the quarter with particular strength in the education market.    
 we ended the quarter with cash from operating activities of $3.7 million or 21% of revenue and no debt and we ended the quarter with $38.9 million of cash and short-term investments with no debt.    
 we continue to see strong demand for new computing devices across our customer base with particular strength in the education market. 
 we also continue to see strong demand for new computing devices in both enterprise and education.    
 we ended the third quarter with a net retention of 100% from existing customers and a net retention rate of 99% from new customers.    
 we also saw an increase in the number of site license activations from new customers of $1.0 million, consistent with the second quarter and down slightly from $1.1 million in the prior year.    
 we also saw an uptick in demand from schools as they mobilized their employees to work-from-home.    
 we saw an increase in the number of devices that were already in the building that were maybe last year's laptops that, they had cycled out quickly became reactivated.    
 we also saw a significant increase in the number of items of sensitive data piling up on enterprise devices with a 43% increase in the number of items of sensitive data such as personally identifiable information and protected health information, meaning our electronic data discovery capabilities, as well as reach for remediation will continue to play a role for our customers. 