the advance auto parts ( aaa ) team is a highly disciplined and highly committed team to deliver our long - term goals. we are continually focused on our long - term strategic initiatives to accelerate growth and improve profitability. we are relentlessly focused on the disciplined execution of our long - term strategic plan to enable sales growth, margin expansion and meaningful cash flow improvement. we are relentlessly focused on the disciplinesd execution of our long - term strategic strategy to enable sales growth, margin expansion and significant cash flow improvement. we are continually focused on the disciplined execution of our long-term strategic plan to enable sales growth, margin expandness and meaningful cash flow improvement. we are continually focused in our long - term strategic plan to enable Sales growth, margin expansion and meaningful cash flow improvements. we are relentlessly focused on the systematic execution of our long - term strategic plan and we are relentlessly focused on the disciplined implementation of our long - term strategic plan to improve sales growth and margin expansion. we are continually focused on the discipline of our long - term strategic plan to ensure sales growth and margin expansion are on track. we are continually focused on the disciplinely executed strategy to enable sales growth and margin expansion. we are relentlessly focused on the meticulous execution of our long - term strategic plan. we are relentlessly focused on the practiced execution of our long - term strategic plans to enable sales growth, margin expansion and tangible cash flow improvement. we are relentlesslyfocused on the disciplined execution of our long / strategic plan to enable sales growth, margin expanding and meaningful cash flow improvement. we are constantly striving to accelerate growth and improve profitability and cash flow. we are continually focused on the discipline disciplined execution of our long - term strategy to enable sales growth and margin expansion, and we will continue to accelerate growth and profit.