the american airlines team is delivering on our commitments and is delivering on our commitments. we are delivering on our commitments and are delivering on our commitments. we are delivering on our commitments and are delivering on our commitments. we are reliable and reliable and we are executing on that plan. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we reward our customers for using it. we are reliable and efficient and we expect our fleet to be more nimble and more flexible. our strategy is focused on taking care of what we can control. our purposeful approach to planning with our investments in our team and our investments in our team has set us up for success during the busy summer travel season and beyond.