this article describes the first quarter financial results of the united insurance holdingings company. the first quarter had a core loss of 29.3 million, which reflects a reduced net earned premium combined with elevated catastrophe losses from 10 catastrophic events and higher loss severity on both attritional and cat claims. revenues for the first quarter reflect our aggressive de -risking and de -leveraging activities over the last 18 months. gross earned premiums are down by approximately 10% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased vv by approximately 10%. our net earned premium is down just over 30%. our net loss ratio is up significantly due to the 30% reduction in net earned premium. our net loss ratio is 60.8%. our annual annual annual annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the decrease in gross earned premiums. our annual annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the decrease in gross earned premiums. our initial annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q has decreased by 21% year-over-year due to the increase in the underlying loss and loss adjustment expense. our initial annual annual report on form 10-q is currently on the basis of the aetiology of the disease.