On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that American Airlines failed to adequately prepare its pilots for the upcoming fiscal year.  According to the complaint, the airline's pilots were not adequately trained and were not performing as well as they should have been.  As a result, the airline's pilots were not adequately trained.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a new CFO and to the appointment of a new CFO.  The new CFO will be Derek Kerr of Evercore ISI.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in this matter.  The SEC's complaint charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges American with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, American has agreed to the entry of a CFO and to the appointment of a CFO.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.