Theresa's Company, Inc. ("Teresa's") today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same-store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year.  The company's CEO, Hannah Lindsay, and her co-chief operating officer, Steve Olsen, discussed the company's strong performance in the second quarter of the year and how they expect the company to respond to the government stimulus.  The company also announced that it would roll out centralized decisioning to its entire portfolio of stores.  According to the company's prepared remarks, the company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 11.2%.  The company also announced that it would be raising its full-year same-store revenue guidance for the second half of the year, based on the favorable impact of the government stimulus programs.  The company also announced that it would be increasing the number of stores it had planned to open in the second half of the year.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the prepared remarks, Teresa's and Steve have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains the company's financial performance.  Without admitting or denying the allegations, Teresa's and Steve have agreed to a permanent injunction and to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $150,000.  The settlement is subject to approval by the court.  The company also agreed to pay a $100,000 civil penalty.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Janice Chukumba and Amy Gwiazda of the Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Kelly Wall.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage people to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov