On May 31, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), its former CEO, and its former CFO, Jeff Shepherd.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2018, Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet its price targets because of price increases.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Advance Auto Parts made significant investments in its supply chain to drive up prices for its products and services.  The complaint further alleges that Advance Auto's price investments were not sufficient to maintain the company's competitive price targets.  As a result of these investments, Advance Auto's net sales declined 1.3%, while comparable store sales increased 0.4%.  The SEC's complaint charges Advance Auto with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Advance Auto has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $1,000,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Cheryl Lasser and Scott Ciccarelli of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Ms. Lasser and Ms. Ciccarelli.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.