The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) today announced that it has entered into an asset sale agreement that will enable it to become fully electric.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Energy and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in New Jersey, U.S. Well Services failed to disclose that it was going to exit the diesel market and become fully electric by the end of the year.  The SEC alleges that U.S. Well Services failed to disclose to its customers that it planned to exit the diesel market and become fully electric.  The complaint alleges that U.S. Well Services had no plans to acquire additional diesel fleets.  The complaint further alleges that U.S. Well Services' fleet was oversupplied with equipment and pricing has yet to recover to pre-COVID-19 levels.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, U.S. Well Services has agreed to the entry of an asset sale agreement that will enable it to acquire additional diesel fleets.  The agreement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New Jersey, charges U.S. Well Services with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, U.S. Well Services agreed to the entry of an agreement that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Rachel Gengaro and Heather Burke of the SEC's New York office.  The litigation will be led by Ms. O'Neill and Ms. O'Neill.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.