On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled just over $1 billion in the third quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The company also announced that it had entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  The company's financial results, which are subject to court approval, show that Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled just under $1 billion in the third quarter.  Acacia's cash and equity investments are subject to court approval.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $33 million in interest and penalties.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violations of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Janney Montgomery Virginia and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.