American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Wolfe Research Global Transportation & Industrials Conference Transcript May 25, 2021 8:00 AM ET Executives Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Dan Cravens - Head, Investor Relations Analysts Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Hunter Keay Okay. Everybody, good morning. Here I am again. Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research. I’m supposed to say the name. All right, I’m Hunter Keay. This research is Wolfe Research. It’s 8 o’clock Eastern Time, May 25th. I am going to fireside chat with American Airlines. We have Derek Kerr, the CFO; Vasu Raja, the Chief Revenue Officer; and Dan Cravens, Head of Investor Relations. So the format of this fireside chat, we have 30 minutes. I’m going to turn it over to these guys. They’re going to talk, and by the way, thank you for joining us. Derek Kerr Thank you. Hunter Keay Nice to see you guys. Type in your questions in the box, I get them right here. I will read them anonymously. And they’ll be plenty time for Q&A after Derek’s opening remarks. So, Derek, please. Derek Kerr All right. Thanks, Hunter, and good morning, everyone. It’s great to be in New York for the first time in 14 months for me at least. So it’s great to be here. Before we dive in, first, I want to say how incredibly proud we are of the American Airlines team and everything they’ve been able to not only withstand, but accomplish over the past 14 months. The resilience the team has shown has been inspiring, putting on their uniforms every day to serve our customers, a lot of American to fly more customers than any other U.S. airline, all while producing the highest passenger unit revenue of any global U.S. carrier. Also, not to understate this, our treasury and finance teams working with our government affairs teams raised over $30 billion in liquidity to build a strong cash position we have today. Its efforts like these that make us so confident in our path forward. Demand for travel is coming back as vaccinations have increased across the country, leisure bookings remain very strong, which we’ll talk about, both in the U.S. and two destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean and Latin America, and business travel and long-haul international travel are starting to show encouraging signs too. Many of our corporate customers are returning to their offices and have told us they plan to get back to travel in weeks and months ahead. Travel restrictions are being revised and lifted in certain parts of Europe as well, which we expect will continue to be the case as vaccinations are rolled out. Over the past year, we have dramatically reduced our costs and build significant efficiencies into the business. The changes we have made will drive more than $1.3 billion of permanent non-volume related savings in 2021 and beyond. As we have said in the past, we will naturally reduce our debt from where we are today by $8 billion to $10 billion over the next five years through regularly scheduled debt amortization. While we needed to take out additional debt due to the pandemic, we are prepared and well positioned to manage it. This is all good news after a year of heavy turbulence, as customers returned to the skies, they’ll be met by a different and better American Airlines, one with the broadest and best global network that has been enhanced by new partnerships and American with a revamped experience that makes travel more convenient for our customers and ensures they feel safe and comfortable as they’re returned to fly. And an American Airlines that’s more financially and operationally efficient. We’re encouraged by everything we’re seeing and we believe America is prepared for a strong recovery in the months and years ahead. So, with that, Hunter, I’ll turn it back over to you and answer questions that you have. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Hunter Keay Sure. Thank you. I guess the first -- we have one question from the audience. I’ll get to that. I guess let’s start off, I don’t know if you saw, but some of your competitors filed 8-K’s last night this morning, noting some positive trends in the environment. You just obviously mentioned too, Derek? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay How are you feeling about business travel right now, relatively [Technical Difficulty] which you talked about this couple of weeks ago, this is the dynamic situation. What’s the latest indications you have on business travel going back mainly in the fall? What are you – are you still expecting it? What’s your sort of target for business travel trend to be by the end of the year? Vasu Raja Yeah. I can start, and Derek can add color. But we continue to see it starting to pick up, but there’s huge variations across the type of sector and also places in the country. But if we started the year where there is [indiscernible] business travel, let’s call it, 10% to 15% of 2019 levels. When we close the first quarter we were about 30% and we continue to see an improvement around how long a pretty similar trajectory driven heavily by small and mid-sized businesses, a lot of companies such as industrials, energy things like that. But looking forward, we are really encouraged. A lot of our top corporates are not just coming back to work in the fall, but have indicated that they’re going to relax travel policies and start getting back on the road with more and more inquiries from meeting travel from corporate conventions. So we still anticipate that it will be in the fall and beyond when business travel resumes. To what degree it is, is still uncertain. What that means for long-haul international is still uncertain. But certainly domestic, we see stability come back more and more, indeed this conference is the very indication of it. Hunter Keay Okay. How do you think about these corporate travel budgets? What are your large corporates telling you? Are they starting from basic zero and building it up? Or are they starting where they spent in 2019, adjusting right now… Vasu Raja Yeah. Great question. And it varies very much across the whole scheme for the big managed corporates, and probably the better predictors, what’s happening by industry. There’s a lot of industries where business is roaring back to life and basically to get on the road and make sales and that sort of thing. And so it’s a little bit of both for them, but demand is coming in and they need to go. There’s others and more client facing industries, where things are dependent on a lot of things, they have to relax their travel policies, client has to be able to relax their visitation policies and so there you see it a little slower. And then last, but not least, it’s really smaller in size business, where there you have people who are just out there generating sales, and for us, that’s a big, big chunk of our overall business with them. Almost, if not slightly more than half of our revenues come from small and mid-sized businesses all across the Southwest. Derek Kerr And Hunter it’s been about like, no place to go, right? We’ve been open as the headquarters for the entire time. We never closed. We had a policy where no one could come in for a while. We relaxed that policy. We have visitors all the time. We have bankers. We have consultants. We have everybody visiting all the time. And what they say is, I can’t go see so and so because they’re not even there. So there needs to be both sides and I think they’re all ready to go. They’re all ready to go visit and see people. But even some of the airlines aren’t back into their place. So they’ll say, well, we come visit you, but we can’t go because somebody else. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr So, I think it takes both sides and I think you’re starting to see that more and more as the headquarters open and other people -- they have places to go then you’re --- then they’ll get on the road more often. Hunter Keay Are you pre-negotiating multi-year contracts with some of your large corporates, because I would imagine a lot of these corporate contracts either expired or need to be redressed, because of the different overall need at least for the next couple of years. Are you sort of pre-selling a lot of corporate travel at this point at discounts to stimulate business demand? Derek Kerr We are not and nor has there been a big rush from corporates who want to go and actually. I think the general approach is let see how things come back. Okay. Hunter Keay And then just sort of lastly on this, how do we think about the motion of duty of care mandate. That obviously it’s going to be more clickable than these parts? These massively bureaucratic companies, companies like IBM, who’ve got people flowing literally just had one thing, do you expect there to be a lot of friction as it relates not only to the actual act of traveling, but booking and then tracking spend around duty of care requirements, like, [Technical Difficulty]. Derek Kerr We don’t see it yet. I can’t tell, right? So many corporates are in the nascent stages of coming back and so we’ll see how things evolve, both in the volume of their travel, the types of patterns they have and any other rules, requirements, restrictions we may see. So it’s still pretty early to go and tell. And ultimately, when a business travel comes back, we are nothing if not adaptable, we’ll adapt to whatever it might be. Right now not very much, Hunter Keay Derek, on the $1.3 billion of cost savings. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay That’s about a $0.05 of CASM exit of full capacity. Where are we going to see that most on the P&L, which expense categories like? Derek Kerr Salaries will be the biggest spot to see it. Both almost $900 of that is salaries. As we took out the salaries, we took out $500 million in management salaries, $4 million in other salaries. There’s still a lot more I think we can do. That’s what we’ve put together for this year and that will be built into this year’s budget. This isn’t something we have to go get. This is something that’s built into this year’s budget and we’re meeting it. So very confident with that and our job going forward is continue to do that and continue to find efficient ways to reduce cost across the system as we put those things. Hunter Keay What were these -- because your people have been asked to… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … do more, in some cases for less because of CARES Act, restrictions and the like. So these people are now working hourly before? Are you -- are they prepared to continue to do that? I mean, you got to hire back some of these management staff? Derek Kerr Well, there’s some… Hunter Keay … positions? Derek Kerr The management staff? No. I think the management staff is, as we went through the process, we were merged in two companies, right? And… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … to make sure when you merge two companies, the number one thing you have to do is complete the merger, right? I mean, no matter what you do, I would have failed in merging the two companies, we would have had to take a step back. So there are things that we just finished the payroll system, right? We just completed the payroll system, the last pay thing. There’s a group of people in that that are working on that payroll system, don’t need to work on a payroll system, right? So there are pockets of those things that we now can be more efficient from a management perspective where we do not, we don’t need that anymore and we don’t need those positions anymore. So that has happened and we have moved that out. As we looked at some of the other things, as we went through from a operational perspective. What are other things that we’re going to do? We’re going to do single agent boarding at the gate, right? But that requires us to have systems available, I think, for someone to be able to do that job, right? So as we continue to put in new systems and continue to merge the companies to get things done, we can be more efficient and it was time to do it and we just we did at this point in time. So I’m not -- I’m -- well, people have to work a little bit harder in some certain areas, yes. But I think our team is up for the challenge. They’ve done a great job throughout this and I have no problem with where we’re at, team is ready to go. Hunter Keay And the $1.3 billion, a lot of companies, not just airlines, talk about cost savings and issues on the growth basis. It’s hard to go back, and say, we did it. We didn’t do it, at least for the pricing. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Yeah, you can do it. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay But are we going to see, simply ask the question, if 2019 ASMs get back to where or if 2022 or 2023 ASMs… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay …get back where they were in 2019? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Is your non-fuel OpEx going to be lower than it was in 2019? Derek Kerr Yes. Hunter Keay To be lowered by $1.3 billion. Derek Kerr $1.3 billion. Hunter Keay Okay. All right. Got it. And then were there any cuts that the existence of existence of PSP has or still is precluding you for making? I don’t just mean headcount, right? That’s not what I meant, just sort of all around the business, because PSP, the whole play of PSP was to kind of maintain this sort of infrastructure to be able to respond from the demand environment. That’s what it’s all about. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Was there anything, any other costs that these programs that you think you can continue to find incremental to $1.3 billion [inaudible]? Derek Kerr Oh! Yeah. I think they are. What -- no, there is -- Hunter I think you asked the two questions. One is, PSP did not preclude us from doing anything that we would have done strategically or cost effective at the company. The only thing that we did do is we brought all the workers back, right? So everybody’s back. So the timing of, say, from a pilot hire, let’s just take pilot group, right? We would have need -- we need the pilots. We need them all here. We need them here for the summer. We probably brought them back a little better, okay. So but that is covered by all the PSP costs. So some areas, we’re going to be hiring flight attendants in the back half of the year, even though we brought everybody back. So from now until the summer from maybe, April, May, we may have carried a few extra costs, but we need all of that to fly in the summer. We need all that for 2022. So there are not a lot of inefficiencies because of PSP 2, and I think because of getting PSP two, we didn’t change the strategy of the airline, we didn’t change anything that we did from a PSP 2 perspective or PSP 3 perspective that we wouldn’t have done both. Hunter Keay I have got a few questions. I will get to those in a minute. We talked about demand for leisure travel and we see it obviously from airports peak times. How is pricing not, too much about pricing, but how is it not better than it already is, given how strong it is? I mean, why is it not a foregone conclusion and pricing is going to be significantly better as we move, of course, the summer based on so much demand? I realized there’s still a corporate mix that we got to deal with the yield side. But are these revenue management systems capitalized, whatever they can really push through because there’s so much inelastic feature demand out there… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay …just… Derek Kerr Well, look, what makes summer hard and I would be careful here, because we don’t usually comment on pricing. But I will say this that what makes the summer and beyond a little bit strange is less the demand environment and more of the uneven ways in which everybody is bringing back supply, right? So we know there is, like right now in our system, the only thing that’s keeping us from being at 2019 booking levels, because we’re -- we -- I would say, there has been pent-up leisure demand, stout the open leisure demands need to go and either constraint is not airlines will exceed spent in the market, the constraint is being able to get a hotel and they will rent the car, things like that. However, with all that demand out there, the challenges that we bring that capacity on a relatively lumpy way other people are too. And then we have a pretty strange set of re-openings out, right, not just internationally, but even domestically. The rules and regs for going to Florida and going for New York are very different, right? And so there’s -- though there’s aggregate demand, how that actually manifests itself across the system is lumpy at best. So that said, though, what we see, it pretty consistent -- it’s been pretty consistent with our last quarterly call, that as we go into the summer and beyond, we’re still seeing yield at or above 90% of 2019. So it’s all new bookings are coming in something north of 90% 2019 level and after Labor Day, that number goes up, I’ll tell you, 100 above. We put less stock after Labor Day because we’re taking such little demand then. But we do see that as an encouraging thing that the system is able to go and generate comparable yields to what it was doing before. And I feel like a big part of that is how to structure the network so that it’s focused around a place where the demand is the highest. And we will -- and so far we’ve been encouraged that throughout the life of the booking curve, that number of 90% is holding. That hasn’t been the case from last year where, once we got inside of a 20 AP, 14 AP [ph] timeframe that business demand the yield curve greater. So we’ll see if that hangs through summer. We have a long way to go yet. But just we see [inaudible] out there. Hunter Keay Here’s a question that is related to what you just said, why wouldn’t there be pent-up demand that pushes corporate demand beyond 2019 levels in late 2021 or early 22? Vasu Raja That could be a very real possibility. It’s built on what Derek said earlier that the thing, this is very anecdotal. There’s practicality in it all. The people are always surprised me, whenever people come to our headquarters, for example. Within days, if not weeks, their competitor comes, right? And it is interesting how quickly it is. I’d tell you, what is the point where we encourage taking meetings in large part because, perhaps, of course, safe place. If you’re vaccinated and people are ready to come back to travel, we’re going to have them. So we anticipate that as you -- there very much could be pent-up business demand, because if we are in a world where clients are ready to host client service around businesses, it’s a question we can say the not, so… Derek Kerr Yeah. We had a banker day and we talked about at banker day, Doug made the point of the team, the bankers who led the advantage deal were people who had come visit us in the office. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr Many bankers showed up the next week… Vasu Raja Yeah. Derek Kerr … every other one. So I think it is something like that. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr For sure we are going to see as it rolls out. Hunter Keay Okay. Did you know what percentage of business travels are internally oriented among these major companies? I’ve heard 30%. That’s the high for me. Derek Kerr We’ve looked at this a lot in the pandemic. The challenge the numbers, it varies so much by industry and by sector… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … and there is a classification problem. But for some of the heavier professional services of our organizations, that number can be something in the 20%, 25% range is what we’ve estimated. For other companies that have more fixed businesses, industrials, energy, things like that’s a lot smaller, like, 10% minus. Hunter Keay Yeah. You had said that your 50 to 60 aircrafts short and long-haul right now. Are those coming back? Right now… Derek Kerr No. Hunter Keay … those are permanently retired? Derek Kerr No. Those are -- that’s the retirement of the A330, 767 fleet and 757 fleet, which we count as long-haul because… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … that’s where we -- that’s primary [Technical Difficulty] domestic bit. But yeah, they are not coming. I mean, so much of how we get at $1.3 billion, we didn’t just take out these airplanes, we got all the fixed costs associated with it, the inefficiencies associated with reserve cruise, training and efficiencies, all of that. And that’s going to make the airline a whole lot nimbler. And if we’re down 150 airplanes ballpark, where the schedule is only down about 80 to 90 airplanes ballpark, right? So that’s airline could be a lot more efficient. We’ve tried as much as possible to use the pandemic to get out of big long-term structural things and position the airline to perform better, big part is seeking on this flying moments. Vasu Raja Yeah. And then just -- and Hunter I’ll add to that just a little bit. I mean, we do have 25 789s that come in at 23 to 25, right? Hunter Keay Yeah. Vasu Raja So, when we talk about, are they coming back, they’re coming back in the short-term, without a doubt, but 23 to 25, we’re going to have -- we’ll have 25 aircraft coming in those three years. Now we can take out 777s, if it’s not there or we use those to grow back into places that there’s options. So we do have aircraft come in that are wide-bodies, just depends on whether they’re replacement or not, depending on how the recovery happens up 23 to 25. Hunter Keay Yeah. So that was another question. You had 1,547 aircrafts, just leaving you at 2019. How many do you have at the end of 2022, more or less? Derek Kerr Less. Hunter Keay Less. Right. Okay. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay It is less. Okay. Are you going to mandate vaccines for employees? Derek Kerr No. We’re not going to mandate vaccines for employees. Hunter Keay No you’re incentivizing… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … them? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Okay. Thanks. What’s, let’s see, so what do you think happens in the fall? When kids go back to school? I mean, look, you said before, I just said, the recovery is not going to be linear. But… Derek Kerr Absolutely. Hunter Keay Nobody spends…. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … if you will add that supply for summer demand… Derek Kerr Right. Hunter Keay …and be able to pull it back for three months, like, it’s going to be, but also it could continue to go up, if business travel better, but is it -- what are you expecting from leisure travel after Labor Day, knowing the corporate is going to be corporate? Derek Kerr Yeah. Look, we had said in extended summary? Well, we think it’s going to be a step something different. We just don’t know the magnitude of it. I’ll elaborate. We certainly anticipate that once we process Labor Day, we have -- in the summer we’re able to make a living on, I think, we get a lot of elasticity, but a small percentage of system capacity which is, we call it [indiscernible] by point trips to the Bahamas or things like that, night flights, they need sort of cities in the mountains and things like that. It is pretty unlikely to think that once Labor Day process over, and indeed, schools returned, people returned to work, the people are going to be going to NASA on Tuesday to come back on Friday, which is a trip pattern we are seeing normally. So we anticipate there will be some kind of stall of leisure demand at least in the September, October period. What we don’t know is how much business might have won. And the other thing that we don’t know, we’ve been observing through this is, Thursday, for us used to be our peak business day. Thursday, I mean, a peak leisure day. And a lot of it is people going for a three-day weekend and things like that. We do anticipate that as we go into the fall that people come back to work. There’s going to be more generous policies around it where people may be working from leisure destination on Friday. So if that starts to happen then we could also see some different trends which can impact things. But fortunately, we weren’t born about, and again, we’re nothing if not adaptable, one of the things that, were the adaptations of COVID is we can now go to schedule a whole lot closer to departure and execute it well, too. So we have a bit of time before we go and figure it out. But we do anticipate that there will be some stall in… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr …leisure demand, not yet a big ramp up, but business demand. And how that this trip patterns play out by time of day, day and week remains mystery. Hunter Keay Derek, you mentioned opportunistic flying, what are these impulses supposed to know more strategic flying? Derek Kerr Absolutely. Hunter Keay What’s wrong with strategic flying?  Derek Kerr …strategic flying, as we’ve said, is often a euphemism for losing money. Hunter Keay Yeah. Losing money, but so what is, the person, I don’t it is, there is a reason for it? Derek Kerr Yeah. No. Absolutely… Hunter Keay [Technical Difficulty] Derek Kerr Look, strategic flying, I have classified two things, right? Strategic flying, which is we need to build something which may lose money today, but can make money tomorrow is put in that, right? You need to have some -- there needs to be some discipline… Vasu Raja Like mid lifecycle thing. Derek Kerr Right. Yeah. Well, look, and as we think about our own international system, right? And so recently we have had coastal gateways outside of Miami, which go and launch international flights. And so, it’s one thing to go and fly five days to China, so nothing that the China’s strategy or you pick three things to try to work overtime. Hunter Keay Right. Derek Kerr And so the strategic flying, which is, yeah, we need to be in the markets that our customers want. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr We have got to be able to go serve and we can’t go and tell ourselves that we’re going to go thorough on the cost of 60 wide-bodies that we get to go make money on for 4.5 months of the year and can barely cover the capital expense. Hunter Keay Well, Does it mean maybe you’re going to be willing to shoot losers a little bit earlier? Derek Kerr Absolutely. Well, even more directly what it is that, it is what you see right now, it relates what we talked about all that a lot of what you see in the summer schedule is also the scale of what the airlines looks, right? But for us we’ve always been really well, domestic system, that’s the thing that we can go and work off of. We’ve always struggled in long-haul international versus outside South America. And so for us, when we bring it back, the things that we’re bringing back then you get whole lot of problem. If we go back in time, we were an airline that had, probably, 50 or 60 too many wide-bodies, in the sense that they could make money part of the year, but not for the entire year. And so we tried a lot of really opportunistic things to do. COVID give us a chance to go and really reset that and so what comes back is not, it’s there, just point about 787, we’re just going to go get a bunch of 787s and put them in markets because we think they’re strategic. The idea is any of those airplanes that are, again, need to be able to produce a real return on capital is comparable we can do with domestic systems. Hunter Keay I think about three minutes left, I got a bunch of, but two quick on it. I think I’m going to ask this question to every airline today. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay On a scale of 1 to 10, how concerned are you about inflationary cost pressure for the next couple years? To give you number is 5. Derek Kerr 5. Hunter Keay All right. Thank you. Helpful. And then there was another one here, actually, generally, two-part question, do you know what percentage of your highest value business travelers? Are people that are -- that have children under college age? Derek Kerr No. Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr I have below the 5,000 [ph], actually crossing the line and personalized the services and it doesn’t be creepy with your customers? So, probably, no, we don’t know that. Actually we don’t know. Hunter Keay So, all right, and then what is generally pretty-COVID, what was a fair differential between front cabin, back cabin for both domestic and international? Derek Kerr Yeah. Vasu Raja Pretty low. Derek Kerr Well, the -- probably the more apt thing you’re getting at is, is how the revenue mix was, right? Hunter Keay Yeah. That’s… Derek Kerr And for us, look, the long-haul revenue mix was, let’s call it, 40% to 50% in the front cabin, where peak time was like key cabins 60% or 70%. Domestic it was 90% of that, right? Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr Let me say this, 90% were based on sales with a customer purchase an economy ticket, but they might have been upgraded… Hunter Keay Right. Derek Kerr … in price. That’s why you go off a revenue versus very differential. Things we’ve been really encouraged by actually as the prices has unfolded is that premium revenues have held up much greater than what we have anticipated, where if domestic revenues are down or economy revenues are down 50%, 60%, premium revenues domestic system are half of that and we’re able to go and generate traffic. We think a good chunk of that might be people seeking out space that comes with the premium cabin up front. So we’ll see how long that lasts. But what’s been similarly encouraging is in the long-haul, we’ve seen the same kind of trend where -- those long-haul flights that are going right now, their revenue mix might be 60% or 70% from the front cabin and lots of thing that we anticipate and so even though we don’t have the big corporate business travelers that are normally book this cabinet, there’s a lot more customers that are willing to actually go and pay to sit up there and that’s the thing that we think is a little more likely to stick around. Hunter Keay Okay. All right. We’re out of time. I’m sorry, I didn’t get to all the questions in the queue. So if you asked one and didn’t get it as answered, please don’t be discouraged. I’ll try again next time. But there are quest to again. Thank you guys for doing this. Good to see you guys. Derek Kerr Okay. Thank you. Hunter Keay Appreciate. Thanks again. Derek Kerr Definitely. Thanks.