American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) FIRST_NAMEual Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference June 3, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants FIRST_NAME Isom - President Don Casey - Senior Vice President of Revenue  Derek Kerr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants FIRST_NAME Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. FIRST_NAME Vernon  Hi, good morning, everyone. FIRST_NAME Vernon, covering airlines transports for Bernstein. Welcome to day two of the 37th FIRST_NAMEual Strategic Decisions Conference. We are pleased to be joined once again by American Airlines. We have an entire basketball team of American Airlines executives. We have FIRST_NAME Isom, President; Don Casey, Revenue; Derek Kerr, CFO and the IR team joining us today for a fireside chat.  If you have questions during the conversation and if you like us to add some items into the conversation list, please use the Ask A Question button on your list and we will do our best to work it into the conversation.  I am going to ask you, FIRST_NAME to maybe kick us off with a couple of comments, prepared remarks and then we can get into the Q&A. I am not sure at the end if you have any disclosure you want to read out as well, we will hand over the podium over to you guys. Now I think we are ready.  FIRST_NAME Isom Hey, FIRST_NAME, it’s great to see you. Now we are in the same city in the same place and then we are going to do a fireside. Let’s have real fireside, real cash that we’ll be sitting on. So, most important is that I am now in Washington DC today. The rest of the team is back in our headquarters in DFW. But I just like to say, good morning to everybody. It’s a pleasure to be with you.  Since the beginning of the pandemic, we maintained focus on taking care of our customers. The team members joined that moments that matter most. We continue to kind of people move goods around the globe during those challenging times and we helped keep the global economy moving. It’s a responsibility that we don’t take lightweight and we are honored have.  Even so, but there is no doubt that this crisis has exceeded even the most trying times our industry is ever seeing. It’s met changes for our team. How we do business and what our customers expect from an airline. As so, the American team has delivered and don’t stop at every challenge with determination and by providing the highest level of care in everything we do and we are very proud.  As we turn the corner and with regard to recovery, our goal has always been having coming out better than we were before. And to that, during the pandemic, we’re focused on furthering our innovative partnerships with airlines like JetBlue and Alaska to improve our value proposition to customers everywhere.  We appreciate our vast network of where customers want to fly right now and we are planning on for exciting new routes in the future. And we are continuing to simplify and harmonize our fleet more efficient both operationally and financially by offering a more consistent product for our customers.  We’ve done a lot of work to prepare for the recovery, the good news is the network is paying off with vaccine rollout in the U.S. going well and after summer crowd was bouncing back, we’ve seen that especially over the most recent Memorial Day weekend. Leisure booking has remained very strong, specifically, domestic markets and destinations to Mexico, the Caribbean, and Latin America.  Business travelers making a return too slowly, but 47 of our top 50 corporate accounts have announced a full return to travel by the end of the year and that’s good news. And while long haul international travelers has been forecast to be the slowest to return and really haven’t made heck of our progress yet, we are starting to see some encouraging sights that when travel restrictions are reduced and eased, then travel returns pretty much.  So, things are clearly looking at from the last time we’ve talked and we are pleased to talk to you about that. And we – while we still got a tremendous amount of work to do, we are encouraged by what we are seeing. We are welcoming back customers and when they come and they do see us in the future, they are going to notice that American is pretty welcome back as really compelling product for them to use.  So, FIRST_NAME, happy to answer any questions and I’ve got, as you said, that the whole basketball team here with me.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Just 5001, it was an observation I noticed. So, okay. Let’s start with the fare recovery and the state of the leisure travel market. It feels like several airlines have commented that fare levels are getting back to something close to 2019 this summer. I think that’s faster than most anybody would have thought. What are two or three things that stand out to you or to Don or to anyone in the team about the pace of the recovery here that has been surprising?  FIRST_NAME Isom Well, from a leisure perspective, look, demand is back. And we’ve seen that over the recent Memorial Day weekend. Load factors approaching 90% even for the month of May and Don, you can correct me, but I think we’ve reported that we had load factors of 84% for the month. Building that base of load factor is critical to being able to ultimately yield up and to work pricing. So, we are encouraged by that.  And, FIRST_NAME, the point I’d make is, is that load factor has been – we’ve been able to produce that even while adding in just passed it domestically. And as we take a look to the summer, we are going to be, as we reported in our peaks of peaks during the summer we’ll at about 90% of where we were in 2019 domestically and we are confident that we can fill our seats.  The next question is, being able to yield up that isn’t headed on, to some extent on getting business travel back is certainly building up on international markets our yearly traffic and to that end, Don, you might want to give some more color.  Don Casey Yes, I think, the question you asked, Dave is, is there anything surprising, right, in terms of what we’ve seen at the – in terms of leisure recovery. One is, through this pandemic, we’ve seen things move pretty quickly. I think we saw early on that the minute markets opened up, there was demand for people to travel. It’s probably even higher than we probably even imagined it could be as quickly.  Savings rates in the U.S. are at all-time highs. Customers are telling us they are missing experiences whether it’s going to restaurants, or whether it’s going to theme parks or whether it’s going to the beach, visiting family and then the minute markets open up, we see an immediate, immediate response. We think that now starting to see that a little bit in the long haul markets, in some of the European markets that are opening up.  We are seeing really an immediate response. So, from a surprise perspective, I think demand is easing, I think even stronger than we would have thought for leisure traffic, I might have assumed looking back just a few months ago. It’s just extremely robust right now as markets open up. I think we see it everywhere, everywhere.  FIRST_NAME Vernon And as you think about that demand recovery and that consumers sort of preference for either – when you looking kind of what’s in the data, if you are looking at the more convenient or the premium products, do you noticed any sort of differential in terms of consumers’ willingness or desire to pay up for either convenience or premium products?  FIRST_NAME Isom Don, go ahead.  Don Casey Okay. I think the way I guess, I describe it is that, there has been a fundamental change in the market, right. So the one big change that’s happened in COVID is a change in the definition of kind of the products that we had out in the marketplace among the lightweight carriers.  So, we now have a basic economy product that is not changeable – so, even forfeit. It’s a non-changeable product and if you want to be able to change then our main cabin product provides the opportunity to change really for no fee and that is a big change and the difference I guess, from where we were pre-COVID.  And so, we were pre-COVID with the third of our traffic that we carry domestically run basic economy fare. We think that’s going to change going forward and people are going to be more willing to buy up into the flexibility that we are offering as part of our main cabin product offering. We are also going to be able to create fare products that offer cash refundability as part of the product, which is will be another sell up.  So, there is redefinition of the products that we have I think is going to be important going forward. Now in addition to doing that domestically, we’ve rolled out the same portfolio of products across our international markets as well. And so, the basic products now use the basic products no matter where you go, the same is true about our main cabin market, the flexibility that we are providing.  So, having this consistent offering out of the marketplace, so we will have a lot more clarity in what it is we are buying and no matter where they are traveling, we think it’s really a good thing for customers. It will allow us to be more effective at selling up to the main cabin product overall.  FIRST_NAME Vernon How are those up selling premium levels that has been trending as we’ve kind of seen this demand recovery coming? Is that is also coming in better than expected as expected?  Don Casey Yes, well, in the – sort of – let me start with domestic, right. So, the premium product in domestic is we’ve done actually better. So it’s actually recovered faster, but again the sell ups are relatively much lower right in the domestic market relative to long haul market where we are looking for lot more money.  Now interestingly, in the long haul markets, premium cabins, if you look at it year-over-year-over-year to your basis have done better than coach from a revenue perspective. But that’s because so few people are flying. Yes, there is still we are expecting premium cabins to do better, but that’s demand is still down dramatically in the long haul markets, right, where the markets haven’t opened up yet.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay.  Don Casey There are people having money, right. And so, our ability to sell up I think is going to continue to look positive where we look back at historic trends.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. So, it feels like we are at a point where domestic fare levels are getting back to again, this, sooner, sort of 2019 demand. Is the domestic leisure market enough to get American to position where it can start to approach sort of EBITDA or pre-tax profit breakeven or do we need to see a recovery in business travel before we can turn that corner?  FIRST_NAME Isom I’ll just start off there, FIRST_NAME. Look, I think, over the long run, we are going to need international travel business demand back. Now, clearly, we’ve been encouraged by what we see in the trend lines are moving in the right direction although slowly, but as we look out to the third and fourth quarters, we are much more optimistic about where American is, where we are positioned in the demand that is coming in through international – through business and also from leisure on a fund basis.  Don Casey And I’ll just add that, the revenue side is only half of that equation, right, when you talk about getting back to EBITDA margins, right, and the other is really all of the initiatives we have around improving our cost structure, right, where we’ve taken out more than 150 airplanes. We have the capability of flying the same capacity that we filled in 2019 with 10% less airplanes.  We have identified and actually have in our planning this year $1.3 billion in cost savings. And so, there are two sides to the equation, right and we think we’ve made material improvements in our overall cost structure as well.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. I do want to talk about the EBITDA trajectory in the second year, but if we talk about sort of business travel, so, if coming into this early part of the crisis, I think one of the lazy rare cases on airlines was domestic fare levels wouldn’t come back as too many seats. That seems to have been disproven.  One of the things that’s still out there though, is just notion that business travel and the recovery in business travel is going to be more muted. It’s going to take longer. We are never going to get back to where we were.  How has American’s thinking about the recovery of business travel changed as we move through the pandemic and where do you sit now on the question of where are we going to be when business travel returns and what is it going to look like?  FIRST_NAME Isom Hey, FIRST_NAME, I’ll start on this. Look, so much of business travel is really predicated on being able to go some places where something is open. And so, where you see, middle of the country, where you see the opportunity to go back into offices, you see people that are willing to do business travel. In Texas, and at our headquarters, I can tell you that, we have received a number of partners and customers over the last few weeks and months.  And everything that do there is somebody out that’s say, hey, I want to come out to see as well. So, my view is, there has been a lot of pent-up demand, maybe not the same as leisure we don’t fill it up over the course of the year, but that there are a lot of companies that need to go back, whether it’s from sales perspective or just checking up on assets that are out in the field that has to happen.  And so, when things open up, when offices open up, business, it’s my view, is returning in a proportional share. So if we take a look at out to the future, it really is tied to vaccination rates, offices opening and then, ultimately, business can get back to us. And over the long run, our view hasn’t changed.  Our view has been really rooted in every advancement in technology, communications technology, ultimately leads, drives a need for people to get together and I don’t think what we are going through right now is any different.  While there may be some internal meetings that can be conducted like we are doing today, it just drives the need for more different types of getting together and travel whether that be just people working remotely that now have to get back to our headquarters office or new connections that has been made through these types of Zoom meetings despite a travel.  So, my confidence is business travel is something that is going to return. And over the long run it will be a significant portion of our business.  FIRST_NAME Vernon So, as you think about the relative levels of – I mean, what are the barricades that we get is that the earnings leverage to the business travel that existed before crisis is going to restrain your profitability kind of post-crisis? How should we think about that mix changing and whether or not the lack of business travel is going to keep and what kind of headwind that’s going to create towards overall sort of profit margins?  I guess the question really like, as you think about – as you think about this – what the mix used to be is that should we be thinking about the percentage of EBIT driven by business and leisure in 2019 being the same on the other side of the crisis or will there be some shifts in there as you adjust the fare levels for domestic flying? On leisure flying? Sorry.  FIRST_NAME Isom I’ll let – thanks, FIRST_NAME. I’ll let the team jump in here as well, but I’d just say, I just start with this, we have always been a business, we’ve always been in the industry that has had to react to changes in demand. And that is one where it’s just as it’s today we are leaning heavily on leisure traffic. Ultimately, we have levers to pull that can bring our cost structure in alignment with the revenue opportunity that is out there.  And so, this is going to be economics 101, supply/demand are still going to be prevalent as we look into the future and we expect that we will change the way we fly and our cost structure to accommodate the revenues that’s out there.  It is our feeling, as I said before that there will be business travel returning. I do believe the aftermarkets will open up and as we can see, there is a tremendous desire to get out there and travel from a leisure perspective. So, Derek or Don, can anyone add to that?  Derek Kerr Yes, I’ll just add to that. The key things Rob mentioned earlier is typically kind of getting load factors back to where they’ve been historically which gives us the ability to sell out to the fare layer, right. So, business traffic, and I think with the domestic business, business traffic isn’t buying off to public fare layer, right and they are getting a discount, typically the corporations, right, from a material discount when they buy off of the public ladder, but they buy closer to departure, right, where we typically have fares going up.  As long as demand is very strong, right, and outstripping the supply and we are going to be able to sell up through the fare ladder. Business travelers are not buying typically first-class fares. They are buying economy fares. They are upgrading to the first-class cabin. The normal difference that we charge again to the first-class cabin domestically isn’t that large, right, it’s $70, $80, $90.  That’s not true to long haul international or I think the whole industry has got more exposure is really to recover in the long haul business. It’s in the long haul business, business customers are flying in business class, okay, and they are paying $2,000 more as then they would have paid in economy. So, if you look at our particular business at American here, right, we have a very, very large domestic and short haul international shipment, right.  We are the largest domestic carrier in the U.S. We are the largest carrier to the Caribbean. We are the largest carrier to Mexico. We are the largest carrier to Central America, okay, and that part of the business okay, is, just lot less exposed to recovery – to the business traffic based on leisure demand. But the long haul market is where the risk when you look forward that is we are lagging within markets that are not open. But that is I think where the industry has more risk going forward from a margin perspective.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. And I guess, as you think about the – that international part of the business, the rationalization of some lower costs, sort of long haul services that were existed before the pandemic, how do we think about the relative that’s – attractiveness of the international business kind of opening up to the U.S. airline industry kind of going forward.  Are you thinking that this is going to be a much better sort of market opportunity because of the supply rationalization that’s happened because of the pressure that your international competitors maybe under? Or do you think that it will be a similar market as we saw kind of back as the travel restrictions come down is getting just go back to the way it was in 2019?  FIRST_NAME Isom Dave, just my survey of carriers outside of the U.S. suggest that there is a lot of distress and whether it’s in Europe or South America and Asia, as well. There is restructuring really that’s going on all over the world and as much as the U.S. domestic market has rebounded, that hasn’t happened in so many other places throughout the world.  That’s in a way, that’s good news. That’s upside to our case today – from, as you mentioned, a rationalization of capacity throughout the world, but in addition, pent-up demand that just hadn’t had a chance to get out and travel. So, for us, I like what we are doing. As we talked about from a domestic perspective we are focusing on what we do best.  And what we’ve done in DFW, at FIRST_NAME, as I mentioned, we are doing here in DCA, we really structure our domestic network like we – I think that will – we wanted over the long-term. So, it’s places that we’ve been weak, we’ve structured new innovative relationships with both Alaska and JetBlue. And during this period of really trying to make sure we are as strong as possible, we’ve been working with our partners throughout the world.  And so, whether that I, here in VA, or Qatar in job, we have, I think the fleet, the network and the relationships to best take advantage of how international demand is going to return. I do think that the business markets internationally are going to lead the way. I am hopeful that we are able to work with the government – the U.S. government and also in the EU and UK to open up markets sooner rather than later.  Of course, we have to follow science as to vaccination rates, but I do believe that American is very well positioned to take advantage of the opening of markets that are most likely to have the chance to allow traffic soonest.  FIRST_NAME Vernon So, domestically, you mentioned, trying to focusing on the markets around Dallas, FIRST_NAME, DC and the partnerships that you’ve kind of entered into with Alaska and JetBlue, how does that complements or change the strategy? What is that do for you that you are not able to do with your own sort of medal in those markets? Or how does that change the attractiveness of those markets where you’ve partnered with Alaska and JetBlue? How do those partnerships play into the story for American into the next couple of years?  FIRST_NAME Isom I think, well, we’ve got a time that this business is going to be third and fourth out of the East Coast – the more of East Coast for years and look, there is – if you take a look at central east, where there is Martinaire or JFK and the asset base proposition where you have to have the right number of days, you have to have the right number of slots to compete.  And we’ve been just in turn. But being able to partner with JetBlue alarms us to really do things that haven’t been – in the past for quite frankly either JetBlue or American. And look, this is already we have 100 code share flight units and that’s new 57 new routes, we’ve been able to launch, I think today is the start for assets on JFK and we’ve already put Tel Aviv in place, we plan to get flying Delhi later in a year.  But we are able to offer customer proposition as much more broader that we can today. From a frequent flyer base perspective, we are able to earn – our customers are able to earn across the American and the JetBlue network. We are elevating the premium customer experience both out of New York and Boston to Los Angeles and San Francisco by really having some capacity from a premium perspective that is going to be great once business does come back.  So, that then bodes well from an international perspective. Our corporate clients love this and though that from a competitive perspective, we are a much more viable proposition and one that, as I said both from a leisure and from a business perspective, we’ve got a really compelling proposition.  FIRST_NAME Vernon So, as you think about looking at the performance of the partnerships today, obviously, you are in the early stages of implementing these, how should we think about the relative economics of a passenger who is connecting into a American flight on JetBlue or Alaska versus somebody who would be connecting in from another part of the network?  Like, is it going to be a similar sort of economic proposition for American? Is it going to be you are sharing more of the revenue, but less of the cost, so the return is good, but it’s at maybe a lower margin? How should we be thinking about the relative attractiveness of those partnership travelers?  FIRST_NAME Isom I’ll ask Don to pipe in here. But there is a couple of things at play. One is, as I said before, we are able to – in the case of the Northeast Alliance with JetBlue, we are actually able to take a look at how we can best serve the marketplace and whether that’s adding places or being able to look half of the independent places across our network where it could be more profitable that benefits now for us.  So, we participate in the business that is there and that is going to grow on a combined basis, both the JetBlue, American offer will be larger in New York, Boston and – and we’ll continue to be at that point, but at the same time it allows us to make sure that we have the assets in the places in other parts that working as well. So, it’s a win-win-win for us. Don?  Don Casey Yes, I mean, the key in our industry is that increasing demand, right. The more we can increase demand on our network, right, the more we can average up through the management system, the average price we get per ticket, right. And so, if you go look at with this partnerships are going to do is, they are going to increase demand right, on the American Airlines network.  They are going to do that through providing more connectivity and so the more opportunities people have to connect into our network, the more we can average the more demand that creates, the more we can average our fares. As the better our combined schedule is, as the more we are going to get greater share of demand that’s filled after the back, right.  We know that schedule drives demand. Our schedule has improved dramatically through these partnerships that we have. And at the same time, when you look at our frequent flyer program, we have dramatically increased utility of our frequent flyer program by extending or expanding the ability to accrue and eventually redeem right on Alaska, JetBlue as well.  And so, all of those things put together, increase demand in our network and as we increase demand on the network, I guess the management system will be able to average out the fares that we take.  FIRST_NAME Vernon And as you are thinking about sort of shifting through the data to see the effectiveness of these partnerships, when do you start to actually expect to see that showing up in the numbers?  FIRST_NAME Isom So, FIRST_NAME, from – look, we are – true realization will be when demand fully returns. But I can tell you today, the code share relationship with JetBlue is already becoming one that is probably the largest code share operation within our network. And so this bring passengers on to our network. But today, I know that JetBlue is giving the same benefit, same was true with Alaska.  So, with that different story, given the nature of the relationship and look, we don’t quite have the international schedule yet and we are dependent more on markets opening up. We anticipate that that will be even more productive.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. So, FIRST_NAME, I know you’ve talked in the past about how American is really been taking advantage of this crisis to accelerate a number of different initiatives? I want to ask the question about sort of EBITDA and margin potential in a way that are often gets put to me. A lot of investors will look at 2019 and say, look, American was 800 basis points to so below the industry average EBITDA margins.  Why shouldn’t I be anchoring my expectations for American’s profitability at that level whenever we come out of this pandemic? What’s wrong with that thinking? FIRST_NAME Isom Well, I’ll start and I know Derek can answer. 2019 is a interesting year for American and thinking of that as a baseline. Don’t forget, look, we’ve had the MAX issue going out, 24 aircrafts grounded. We reported already that we think that there was somewhere in the neighborhood of $550 million of profitability that was impacted.  On top of that, don’t forget that, we had really fully engineered together American Airlines at that point we had some fairly contentious negotiations that were going on with our mechanics and fleet service team members that disrupted the – unfortunately the operation was disrupted to a certain extent. Then that had a sizable impact, as well.  So, the baseline needs to be adjusted, because those things are behind us. Of course, we have new contracts in place, but at the same token, we have the MAX is back up in place and everybody – all of our team members are following the same direction and really we see exceptional reliability numbers. So then, add to that, the work that we done in terms of being able to pull up $1.3 billion of hard expense and that you had taken what we’ve done today and apply to 2019 would have been a material change.  On top of that, and this is going forward, we are going to be producing as we go forward into 2022 when we get to that point, we will be able to produce the same number of ASMs as we flew in 2019 with about 10% fewer aircraft shelves. We’ve brought technology in so many parts of the company, as well that have not only created the more interesting proposition to customers, but have then made us more efficient on all fronts.  And so, when we compare into 2019, I think you have to also adjust for some of the uniqueness of the initiatives that we were doing with. Add to that, some of the greater work that we’ve been able to do and then take a look forward to, hey, look, we are going to be able to produce capacity much more efficiently. And then on top of all of that, we’ve got much more consistent reliable product.  We have a very compelling product offering in a network that we trended close to twice as that’s been the least profitable and we get the assets to the places that we know are going to be financially but they are active over the long run. So, Derek, do you want to add anything to that? Derek Kerr  Yes, no, I wouldn’t add much. I mean, the key is that 2019 is not the right base for us, because all of the things that you talked about – and FIRST_NAME, the other thing that comes up is, you had there some debt to go through this. So, while we all had to add almost same amount of debt in the net debt that we put on our book. So, the interest expense will be up some $500 million.  But that is offset by what FIRST_NAME talked about which is the $1.3 billion in savings. And that’s not the end of it. I mean, we will continue as FIRST_NAME said, as we put in more systems and do more things to drive the cost down as we go forward and do it more efficiently.  So, I mean, my argument on that one is always that 2019 is not a good base for us because of the MAXes, because of the mechanic issues and that the base should be – if you go back to 2018 or 2017, you had much better EBITDA, much better EBITDAR that we were producing at that point in time.  And the difference between us and others was not 800 basis points, it might have been 400 basis points or 500 basis points. And we plan on closing that as we go forward just like, we thought we were going to do in 2020 as before all of this happen.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. Bet to that. I appreciate you guys adjusting that, because that seems to be one of the biggest conversations that we ever having. One other question I have is, the number sitting down with before the crisis talking about some of the product gaps that American had, whether it was overbooking practices, the ability to charge for upgrades, variable pricing for higher seats, this was obviously before the crisis some period of time there.  Were you guys able to make progress in closing some of those gaps with the market through the crisis as well, or were there – were some of the restrictions on IT spend kind of delaying some of the work on that front?  FIRST_NAME Isom So, I’ll start and Don can add to this. So, this is just as another –I think on appreciated aspect of what’s going on since 2019, look, in 2019, we were still in the final stages of meeting the company together and whether there was any contracts in place or getting HR systems final completed or pre-scheduling system tools and all of the tools that we used to manage the maintenance of the configuration of our aircraft.  All that work is done. And over the past year and a half, two years, the work that we have been planned to completing hundreds of millions of dollars of capital expense, technology projects just to get the airlines together but that unleashed to go and pursue technology that is addressing those kind of gaps that we have talked about in the past.  So, whether it’s from a merchandising perspective, and ease of use throughout the travel experience, all of that, we feel like we now have made progress to close gaps, but in some places we’ve even exceeded competition.  So, feel really good about where we are going and that the capital that we deploy now is being incredibly effective to addressing opportunities to produce more revenue, reduce expenses and make the customer product that heck a lot more attractive. So, Don, anything you want to add?  Don Casey No, I think that was excellent.  FIRST_NAME Vernon And then as you, so, I guess, as you put all that stuff together, 2019 is a low base. I don’t want to – I am not asking for a necessarily guidance, but as you think about the next several years, and so the underlying earnings power of the business, do you expect to be kind of back to an industry standard level, ahead of the industry?  Like, where should investors kind of be gauging their expectations around sort of EBITDA margin performance, call it, three four years from now?  FIRST_NAME Isom Certainly, we are targeting and I think that everything that we have talked about builds a game plan to outperform the industry. And that’s we are committed to that from where we’ve been and it’s certainly something that we think is achievable. So, Derek, anything you want to add?  Derek Kerr No, I would just say, I mean, FIRST_NAME, getting us the first step as we get us back to industry level, which would be outperforming the industry to get there. So, I think let us – we’ll get to that level as we move forward and get ourselves to close that gap. I mean, we’ve been working on that for a while and we need to do it.  And that’s where we are headed and it’s to try to close that gap and get us back to levels when we merge the two companies, our 2016, 2017 numbers were pretty good. So, trying to get ourselves back to that is the first step as we move forward, being more efficient, driving the efficiencies into the organization. I mean, as FIRST_NAME just talked about, we just finished the tech ops migration, just finished it.  And we finished it a year early, because of COVID, we were able to push things quicker. We just finished the payroll migration. Two weeks ago, the last payroll was done. So, there has been a ton of focus on getting these done, it does take a long time and now that we’ve got that done, we are able to focus on other things.  The first goal is get back to industry standards and then we’ll see where we go from there. But I think that’s where we need to head at this point in time.  Don Casey Yes. And the 737s are complete. Derek Kerr And getting our aircraft all the same the 737s are complete and the A320s will be complete by the end of the year. And we spent both of those projects up during COVID because, as you know, we didn’t meet all claims. So we were able to put more planes in there and bring those projects much faster to the front.  FIRST_NAME Vernon And maybe you are talking specifically about the re-gauging and the cabin, right? Derek Kerr Yes, correct.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. Go ahead, sorry.  FIRST_NAME Isom No, same thing I was just going to tell you, as Derek mentioned, our up-gauging from a 160 seats to 172 seats, that is on the 737s. That’s done and it’s done way ahead of schedule because of the flex that we had during COVID. But in addition to that, it’s not just the up-gauging and we’ll be done with the 321s by the end of the year, which proportionately takes from a 181 seats to 190, the other portion from 187 seats up to 190.  But better than that is that, we just have standardization of our interiors to an upgraded level and one that comes with oversize pans and covering every seat and we already have the industry-leading Wi-Fi. So, it’s a really compelling customer product as well. It’s already management prospected. It’s easier to sell and we’ve done with this just takes the half of our complexity out of the business.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. Great. So, Derek, I wanted to just focus a little bit on sort of spending needs over the course of the next three, five years. If we are going to get back to kind of where we were, maybe a little bit better, what kind of CapEx are we going to need to get there? And then, the natural follow-on to that is going to be what is that we need for sort of balance sheet repair?  Derek Kerr Yes, I think where we’ve settled out, we don’t know exactly what the number. We said about a $1 billion of CapEx a year for the next – is kind of our steady state at. I think it might be a little bit less than that. I think, when you are running a business with 1500 aircrafts, you are going to need $600 million a year to make sure that you are just running the business right, replacement and facilities and all that kind of stuff.  So, that extra is the CapEx from just any other type of things like IT and things like that. So, we’ve kind of plugged in about $1 billion. The aircraft is about $1.5 billion a year over the next few years. So, we pushed out aircrafts in the past in the MAX is out a little way, the 787 at a little ways. So, we’ve got a pretty good two or three, four years where the CapEx is significantly down in the $2 billion to $2.5 billion range versus where we were previously in the $5 billion to $6 billion range as you know.  So, we will use and where we are at today, we have $20 billion. We announced this morning that we will end the quarter at over $20 billion of liquidity which is way more than we need at this point in time, but the way we are looking at it today is, we are going to hold on to the catch as long as we need it until we see the recovery.  So, that catch will be built up and held until we are fully through the recovery. We’ll have an interim level where we can take it down to, which I am – probably it’s in the $10 billion to $12 billion range. So, we’ll have excess cash there I think as we come out of this that we’ll use all of that excess cash to pay off debt. So, anything we do we’ll use that to pay-off debt.  And then we’ll revisit that, we used to be in the $7 billion range which was higher than everybody else. Does that get $7 billion or $8 billion? I don’t know. We’ll have to – we are not targeting that yet. We’ll have to see where that goes. But anything above that will actually go to pay off debt. So, we’ve said $8 billion to $10 billion.  We will pay off naturally over the next five years. We are looking at that and seeing more excess cash is and as we look into the – on the second quarter call, we may give a few more targets as we look into that. But I think the whole key is one, every - all excess cash will go to pay off debt. We’ll de lever is the focus over the next four to five years and hopefully more than that $8 billion to $10 billion as we have excess cash.  And we’ll continue to keep the cash need and the other thing is the pension. As we – the pension relief that came through allows us pension relief over the next at least two, three years of over $2 billion that we were going to have to put into the pension. But that pension relief is given us more and more time to increasing the pension.  And so we are good there. So, that frees up a lot of cash. All that cash will be used to pay off debt over the next four to five years. And I believe in the end there, we’ll end up having a rating that is better than where we used to be in 2019 and give us a little movement there.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Okay. And as far as the – if we were look on a go forward look at – looking out – looking back, sort of three, four years from now, what’s going to be different about your advice to the Board around leverage levels, financing levels, the level of unencumbered assets that you feel like you need to have, but how is this going to change your perspective on what level of balance sheet risk is appropriate for American going forward?  Derek Kerr I think the key is going to be what do you use to pay off the debt, right. We have a – we have – what debt do you pay off and what collateral do you free up? So, as you look at the strategy as we go forward of what we pay down, where do we go first? What is that level? Do you pay cash for aircraft as you go forward?  What are things that are going to be if there is another downturn easier to financed and other things? So I think the strategy is going to be to pay down debt, is use all the cash to pay off the debt and any excess to pay off the debt and drive it down. We are – we won’t go target investment-grade at this point in time. I mean, that would be way too hard to get to it.  I don’t think the industry needs to do that because you are financing aircraft and you are financing frequent flyer programs and things that as long as you can finance those at investment-grade, you are fine and that we’ve seen that as over the time. So, what we need to do is make sure that, as we have the strategy of paying it off, what do you pay off? What do you free up?  Freeing up assets and collateral that is much easier or better collateral to finance if there is a downturn. I think that, we learned one thing throughout this it’s certain things have – or easier to finance in the markets than other things. Frequent flyer program is a new thing that we had not financed before and we can finance and we know we can finance that so is that your core thing that you are going to keep out there, you got slots gates and routes, you got aircrafts, you got spare parts.  How do those things fall into the categories? So, as you look at what to pay down and build your own encumbered assets, what the better ones to build so that you have those in the hopper for later down the road.  FIRST_NAME Vernon And I guess, I know, it’s very premature to talk about something like this, but as you think about the prior preference for leveraging assets that were purchasing shares, like, is that going to change your perspective on capital allocation going forward? The experience net of all the years coming end up at core, how do you think about sort of repurchasing in that context?  Derek Kerr I think, I mean, I would have done exactly what we did as we went in through the pandemic. I wouldn’t have changed the strategy, but, we know over the next two or three years there, we are not allowed to do that underneath the government loan. So, that won’t be a focus of it. What we need to set which we haven’t done and we haven’t done with the Board is to sit down and set what is the target.  Where do we want to go. Get ourselves in that range of where we want to be. And then, once you are in that target, and you have excess cash, then you make the decisions on what’s the best use of that excess cash.  But the first step is to get us to where, from a target perspective where do you want to be in – and we are not ready to give those – give that out yet. But that’s what we are working with the Board on will we – I think that decision, FIRST_NAME, is way down the road and nothing to talk about now. We can’t do it anyway for two years and all our excess cash is going to go to pay off debt in the next two to three years.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Well, the thoughts and the philosophies are helpful. FIRST_NAME, I want to come back to you here, so wrapping up our sort of 50 minutes of Q&A here. As you think about American’s ability to capitalize on the recovery in leisure, which is happening, this is what’s going to happen and assess what’s going to happen, what are the couple, what are the two or three things that that make you uniquely positioned to perform during this recovery and maybe outperform relative to your peers?  FIRST_NAME Isom Well, long ago, sort of the work that we’ve been doing and the strategy we’ve been pursuing over the last couple of years. We haven’t been able to realize the full benefit of the investments that we’ve made in DFW and in FIRST_NAME and as I told you, you coming on seeing the new regional turmoil in DCA. Those are all things that we had said, look, we got to be conscious of being able to really maximize utility where do best.  And so, you will see this summer, American flying nearly a 100% of the schedule that we had before the pandemic in those places, in DFW and in FIRST_NAME and certainly in DCA. We anticipate that there will be a rigor rebound in the north, which is going to certainly bolster our prospects given what we’ve done with the new relationships.  So, from an overall domestic perspective, American, I believe has had the strongest domestic network. We won’t be headed to that. And as we look to the future and what that means for international travel, we have the best partner network, the biggest business communities throughout the world. American is, I think thus situated within the network carriers better for the rebound.  And then, added to all of that, just probably, as the demand start to strength, American had the most to make up in terms of producing efficiency and what we’ve done from a fleet perspective, okay, we are who that rationalize the 150 aircraft reduce fleet types across every part, we up-gauged in places that have made the most sense.  50 seaters are becoming an even smaller part – portion of our overall network. I feel really confident about where we are headed from a cost structure perspective, from a proposition revenue perspective. And overall, the long turbine being able to produce better margins we have the prospects of improving our margins the greatest of the competitive set that we operate in.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Alright. Well, thank you for that. I think we are coming up ten minutes to the hour. So, I want to thank you guys at American for once again supporting the conference and coming out. I am also very much looking forward to seeing that operating leverage show up. It’s been the league in of all American designs. But we continue to have confidence and thank you guys very much for joining us.  FIRST_NAME Isom Thanks, Dave and we appreciate supporting us.  FIRST_NAME Vernon Alright. Thanks guys.  FIRST_NAME Isom Bye. Take care.  Question-And-Answer Session  End of Q&A