AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 2021 UBS Global Healthcare Virtual Conference Call May 25, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Rob FIRST_NAME - EVP and CFO Jeff Stewart - EVP, Commercial Operations FIRST_NAME Severino - Vice Chairman and President Conference Call Participants Navin FIRST_NAME - UBS Navin FIRST_NAME Good afternoon. Welcome to the UBS Global Healthcare Conference. My name is Navin FIRST_NAME, I cover small cap biotech and large cap pharma here at UBS. I'm happy to have with me for our next session, AbbVie Pharmaceuticals and from AbbVie we have FIRST_NAME Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob FIRST_NAMEs, SVP and CFO; Jeff Stewart, SVP and Head of Commercial Ops. Thank you, gentlemen, for joining me today. We also have Liz Shea, Head of Investor Relations as well. This is going to be a Q&A fireside chat for the full 45 minutes. We do have ability for audience members to ask questions via this webcast. So if you do so, I will see those questions at the bottom of my screen. They are anonymous, so don't worry if you're shy and don't want to necessarily showcase who's coming, who's asking the questions. Those are anonymous and I will try and read those some of those questions out at the end of this session. Thank you so much to the AbbVie folks for joining us today. Perhaps Rob, we can start with you just coming out of Q1, a lot of your peers had some issues relative to pandemic still affecting demand out and for the most part AbbVie was relatively shielded. How do you feel about all your key products? Are they back to pre-pandemic levels in the U.S. and how to things look ex-U.S.? Rob FIRST_NAME Hi, Navin, it's good to be with you. I think this one will both Jeff and I will tag team it, I think he can give perspective on what he's seeing across the business. Obviously, as we look at our portfolio, the business I think that came back the strongest we saw for the first quarter was Aesthetics. And we just saw very strong pent-up demand. I think we've also seen a very nice return-on-investment from our promotional incremental promotional investment and DTC both for Juvederm and Botox, as well as our efforts to expand investment in China. So we're seeing very nice growth in Aesthetics, I'd say a portion of that growth, if you just look at the U.S. toxins market, it grew in the high 30% range in the first quarter. If you compare with 2019, it's obviously higher than we would expect on a normal basis. So there was certainly a level of pent-up demand there. But Aesthetics have come back very, very strong. And see across the rest of the business, we've seen many the markets come back to pre-COVID levels. We haven't necessarily seen the warehouse patients come through, but certainly for the most part with the exception of a few within CLL we've seen you know that market is still down versus pre-COVID levels, as well as Hep C. And I'll let Jeff speak to more details on that. Jeff Stewart Thanks, Rob. And Navin, in terms of our major brands, the way that we think about COVID recovery is has the new patient flow return. So can we see it in our new to brand starts and I would say as Rob mentioned that for the big immunology franchise, so that's RINVOQ, SKYRIZI, Humira, we've fully recovered. So we're back to where we were, in some cases bouncing around even above where we were at pre-COVID levels. So that's very encouraging for particularly that particular franchise. We also see it in some of the big neuro brands. And so we see for example, Ubrelvy, which is our leading product for acute migraine, it's almost like it was unaffected by COVID. It just kept running, basically running straight through and we see some very, very nice momentum with Ubrelvy. And Botox therapeutics is also fully recovered. And in fact, we're starting to see nice momentum on the new starts, particularly in our migraine, our chronic migraine franchise. Now, the other major brands that are not quite back yet. They're close, for example, Vraylar. So Vraylar, we're just seeing that we're almost back to where we were in terms of the new to brand pre-COVID level, and also one of our big GI products CREON is almost there. And to Rob's point, not quite yet we see -- and this is a global phenomenon, particularly for Hepatitis C. So for Mavyret we see across the territories, that still remains below pre-COVID new patient starts levels and this is a tougher one. We see continued progression not quite back yet, as well as CLL. So when oncology for both Imbruvica and for Venclexta, we see that market has not fully recovered. But so net-net we're seeing good progress across the board with many of the big brands, as we mentioned, fully recovered. You also highlighted international. Now in international we don't see the same level of obviously vaccinations yet but they're catching up pretty quickly, particularly in Europe. So what do we see? We see strength with Humira and we see that on two fronts. So in some ways, the COVID pandemic has helped marginally our Humira performance, we have biosimilars competition as we know. And so in some cases, pricing reviews have been delayed, which is, of course helpful. And we see many of the larger countries, they're just not switching patients as fast, because of all the other things that they have to do around COVID. So Humira is strong. What we see also is that RINVOQ and SKYRIZI momentum is also exceptionally strong, even despite the fact that the vaccinations are not fully in effect in Europe. So just like we've highlighted over the last months, in terms of our momentum in the U.S., we're seeing strength to strength where RINVOQ becoming the fastest launch brand in RA in the European markets, and SKYRIZI is performing exceptionally well, and is near and market leadership across the big LBUs . We're also pleased that our new indications PSA, and AS for RINVOQ have launched in the big European markets, and the early results are quite strong. So, very nice momentum as well in the international markets for Andy. Rob FIRST_NAME And I would add just within international for Aesthetics, what we’ve seen is really strong recovery and growth in China and other markets in Asia. And while we saw the impact in Europe have a small impact on the Aesthetics business in the first quarter, many of those markets are seeing recovery now. So overall, I'd say the international picture for Aesthetics is very strong as well. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Navin FIRST_NAME And so just on Aesthetics, when you say you had a bolus of patience, or this pent-up demand, does that mean that there's a little bit of waning in Q2? I don't want to say was there like an inventory build to get started to clearly demand related, but is there -- does it come back down? And then keep growing? Or how does that dynamic play out for Aesthetics? Rob FIRST_NAME I think the best way to think about it, you just look at the U.S. toxins market, it grew about 37% in the first quarter, and something in the mid-20s would probably be a normal underlying demand within this calendar year, a level of market growth that I would expect. So you can break it down that way that probably had roughly 12 points of additional market growth in the first quarter that was really driven by pent-up demand. But the underlying demand and the market growth is very, very strong, just not 37% isn't quite what we’ve expect in terms of underlying demand. Navin FIRST_NAME Fair enough. Mike, question for you on RINVOQ, obviously, everyone's now waiting for how the label plays out whether or not there's an Adcom JAKs. At this point in time, given that we're just about a month away from first PDUFA for RINVOQ, and then another one in July, wouldn't in that, if there was going to be an Adcom that have been a set at this stage? And then secondly, can you help us think through what the different scenarios might be for what the label could look like understanding, you're perhaps reticent to talk about what exactly the label could look like, but perhaps some scenarios around what that might look like? FIRST_NAME Severino Well Navin I'd be happy to take that question. I think with respect to an Adcom we do not believe that an Adcom is likely for exactly the reason that you outlined, which is, if the FDA were intending to have an Adcom, you'd expect them to be well along the way in terms of planning for it preparing for it. And we have no indication that they are doing that, in fact, they communicate to us at specific points in the review whether they are intending to have an Adcom and their answer has been consistent that they don't anticipate an Adcom. Now, of course, they have the authority to change that. But I wouldn't expect them to make a last minute decision to change that. If you look at their practice here, particularly around FIRST_NAME's, they've shown that they can make this decision on their own within the FDA without the need for an Adcom and that's what I would expect here. With respect to the label, I think it's early to speculate. We don't know what Xeljanz labeling will look like. And that is obviously a key component of the story. But what I would say is, we remain very confident in the data that we've generated for RINVOQ. We have a very large data set more than 10,000 patient years of follow-up. We have long-term randomized data and we know that those randomized data control data are the most impactful with the agency when looking at safety questions like the ones that they are examining. We have three year data in RA, we have one year data in psoriatic arthritis, we have large safety databases across all of the indications that we are pursuing and those data have not shown a signal with our agent with RINVOQ for the adverse experiences that are being evaluated with Xeljanz and with others. Specifically we've not seen increase rates of DVT, or PE, we've not seen increased rates of cardiovascular events or MACE events. And we've not seen increased risk for malignancy. And if you look at the track record here, we've been very successful in getting our data into the label. So they're well understood by prescribing physicians. And if one looks at the RA launch, we had our data in the label for RA, both our efficacy and our safety data. I think they well characterize the benefit risk of the molecule and that launch performed very well. In fact, it exceeded our expectations. So we feel good about the opportunities that are in front of us, for psoriatic arthritis for atopic dermatitis and ankylosing spondylitis, which are the indications that are under review. And of course, we have more indications that are still in phase three and we feel confident in those as well. Navin FIRST_NAME One of the scenarios that investors have asked about is whether or not the 30 milligram dose for RINVOQ if there's any risk to that getting approved or not, how would you characterize the risk of 30 milligram not getting approved? And if it doesn't get approved, what does that mean for UC and Crohn’s, which uses a 45 higher dose of 45 milligram? Jeff Stewart Well, we feel confident in the benefit risk of the 30 milligram dose in atopic dermatitis, both with respect to the ease that I mentioned earlier and with respect to overall benefit risks, there's very strong benefit delivered, high levels response, high levels of skin clearance at 90% 100% level, rapid response prominent impact on edge, and we view the overall benefit risk is favorable. So we view it as a dose that should be approved. Now, you asked what if it is not approved. While it's not -- while that isn't what we anticipate we would be very successful even if it weren't approved. So within atopic term, the 15 milligram dose also performed very well. It had all of the same attributes that I just described, for the 30 milligram dose, high levels of skin clearance, rapid response, prominent impact on the edge, so we could be successful with a 15 milligram dose, if that scenario were to occur, even though we don't anticipate that scenario. And that, for example, wouldn't change us wouldn’t lead us to change our long-term guidance that we've put out for RINVOQ and we feel very confident that we can meet that under any scenario. With respect to IBD. Both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, where we're spending a 45 milligram induction dose, I don't think the decision in atopic term would bear on the decision. In IBD, it's a different review division. There are different diseases, obviously, with different dose response, the safety data, and the efficacy data from the 45 milligram induction, you see were both very strong efficacy exceeded our expectations. And the safety data were very strong. Rates of serious AEs were actually lower, numerically lower in the RINVOQ group than the competitor, which was placebo. And that's the case because a lot of these AEs are due to the underlying disease. And when we improve the underlying disease, we're actually seeing low rates of these AEs. The other thing to keep in mind is that the induction dose is given for a limited period of time, eight weeks for RINVOQ. And that further supports benefit risk. So we feel confident across the spectrum of indications that we're pursuing. We feel good about the AD file and we don't think it bears on our probability success in IBD. Navin FIRST_NAME Jeff. He's obviously a leader in the immunology space but ADerm is a new sub area for you within immunology for -- it's a new area for AbbVie, how does your market research suggested the ADerm market will play out from here is it as DTC sensitive of a market as some of the others some markets that you've been involved with and what could penetration of biologics or biologic like products such as RINVOQ get to and how does it compare now, relative to what biologic penetration is in a space like RA? Jeff Stewart Yes, thanks, Navin. I would say that this atopic Derm market is arguably the most dynamic market that we will see in immunology. It's very attractive. It's significantly underdeveloped and I'll get into some of the metrics in a moment. In some ways, it's like the psoriasis market was 20 years ago, except the atopic Derm market is even bigger. Okay and this is an important factor. Let me give you some flavor. So, when we look at Dupixent, which, of course, is a very significant brand at this point. We can see that around 90% of the big SKYRIZI writers are the same big Dupixent writers. So we know those physicians very, very well, we know their offices very, very well. And we have established relationships with our representatives and our key medical personnel. And so we although not in the market yet, we know the space and we have a good touch point with the big prescribers. I think the other thing that we notice is that it is as sensitive of a market for the patient has psoriasis. And we've been in that space for a long time, we think and are planning for a DTC program to continue to activate patients to let them know about the unique attributes of RINVOQ. And we think that will also play into some of our strengths as an immunology leader. So it's very, very dynamic, very significant. What we see as we look at the markets is that typically, you will see a movement of expansion of frontline opportunity. But you'll also see second and third line segments start to develop. And we've seen this across the board, whether you look at rheumatoid arthritis, whether you look at the spa markets, you look at PSA, look at Crohn’s et cetera. This is just the way that these markets build. And I'll give you some sense of the penetration. So right now, if you look at the Atopic Derm market, the moderate to severe segment, which is where the indications are, of course, the biologic penetration with one agent is about 4% or 5%. So it's in the mid-single digit. The relevant metric for the psoriasis market or the Cousin market is above 30%. And remember, the prescribers are the same. So we anticipate, again, lots of dynamic growth in the market, very strong positioning of RINVOQ as a new agent into that space, and are very much looking forward to the approval so we can enter again, arguably the most dynamic market in the space. Navin FIRST_NAME Got it perfect. And maybe Rob, if I could ask a couple of capital allocation questions. You have made a comment of wanting to keep the dividend payout ratio at roughly low to mid 50% or so. I mean, just based on how I'm modeling AbbVie’s earnings for the next few years, what seem that dividend could be hiked around 10% or so next year, can we -- is it fair to assume that level of double digit growth of dividend even going into the 2023 short baton clip for Humira? Rob FIRST_NAME So given the tremendous amount of cash flow, we'll do a lot of things with that. I mean, we want to maintain a strong growing dividend, want to rapidly pay down debt, we've set aside cash for BD of $2 billion per year, and more opportunistic, I'd say really just limiting buybacks to offsetting the impact of equity that impact equity compensation. I wouldn't say that I want a payout ratio of in the low to mid-50s. A way to think about it is I would expect strong dividend growth again in 2022. Upon the entry of biosimilars for Humira in the U.S. in 2023 and expected dividend growth to be lower, but still growing. Similarly, in 2024, again, growth but lower growth, and then I get back to strong growth in 2025 and beyond as we return to a very strong revenue growth, we've said high single digit revenue growth starting 2025 at the end of the decade 2029. In terms of payout ratio, we're around in the low 40s. Today, I expect to be in the low 40s next year, that the 50s are referencing is where we end up in the 2023 2024 timeframe probably think low to mid-50s. And then going forward more of a steady state, I'd say it's probably more in the mid to high 40s. So in terms of a payout ratio that I would like to target over the long-term would be probably more than the mid-high 40s versus the low 50s. But still very committed to that dividend and we've delivered strong growth historically. I expect this to continue to grow going forward. Navin FIRST_NAME And how are you thinking about share repos. You put a pause on it and wondering how you're thinking about that relative to dividend or BD. Rob FIRST_NAME Sure, I think look for us the dividend is the primary vehicle to return capital shareholders as part of our investment identity. It's very, very important. I view buybacks is more opportunistic between now in 2023. It'll be limited again just to offset the dilutive impact of equity compensation. Beyond 2023 we’ll look at it more opportunistically. But our focus is really on growing that dividend, as well as setting aside capital to access external innovation, that $2 billion per year, I expect to be in place for 2023. And then we get to that point, we'll look -- we feel very good about our internal pipeline, obviously, very good about our growth prospects with high single digit growth in the second half of this decade. So we feel very good about that the assets we have today. But certainly we get to the end of 2023, we'll take a look, we'll have the flexibility to do more if we need to. But that's the way we're thinking about capital allocation today. Navin FIRST_NAME Got it? And then Mike, a few pipeline questions, if I may, in, at least, according to our analysis it feels like investors may not be giving enough credit to some of AbbVie’s pipeline. You do have some catalysts that are playing out this year, perhaps most near term as ABBV-951 for Parkinson's disease, you have a Phase III readout midyear. Is it fair to assume that this is a relatively de-risked asset? And then how are you thinking about the market opportunity relative to your existing Parkinson's franchise of Duopa? FIRST_NAME Severino I think it's very fair to look at 951 as a de-risked asset. What 951 is, it's a drug device combination that uses two novel pro drugs that allow for the subcutaneous administration of what will become Levodopa the pro drugs are converted, essentially to Levodopa in circulation. And what that allows us to do is use an insulin pump like device to deliver subcutaneously, an agent that will deliver Duopa like efficacy. You can't do that without these pro drugs in a convenient way. And what we know is Duopa delivers transformational efficacy. But it's difficult to get that efficacy after you have a G2 in place surgically and that's threaded into the small bowel that has to be maintained. There's a very cumbersome drug device combination with that agent. But despite that, because of that efficacy Duopa does roughly half a billion dollars a year. And there's more potential than that within the labeled population. But there's only a subset of patients who are either willing or able to with their caregivers manage that situation. Now those patients get great results. But with something like 951, we can broaden the population that will be able to use the device and willing to use the device. What doesn't necessarily change the labeled indication, but it broadens the patient set that we'll be able to access that innovation, and access what is really for many patients life changing efficacy, and it's highly de risk because we know if you get plasma concentrations of levodopa, carbidopa we know what that translates into efficacy. And we can see that in the early phase trials. So we have confidence in the efficacy profile, we have confidence in the drug device combination. And we'll be seeing that Phase III data over the summer. So we think it's a very attractive opportunity that could really expand our footprint in the advanced Parkinson's disease arena. Navin FIRST_NAME And I have actually a few questions from the audience members, which I will readout towards the end of our session, but one of them is on the pipeline. So since we're discussing the pipeline right now, Mike or Jeff, this is for you. With regards to some of the new toxins in development, especially new liquid toxin from Medytox and Botox, prefilled syringes that Allergan announced back in 2018. How will these products help for grow the Aesthetics portfolio? FIRST_NAME Severino We have a strong position in Aesthetics overall and a strong position in toxins. Toxins are one of the core pillars of our Aesthetic franchise, together with facial fillers and body contouring. So if you're looking at toxins, we've got a strong leadership position, strong installed base of customers, the clinics and ultimately consumers. And we will continue to build that franchise through a number of means. One is innovating with novel delivery platforms and novel toxins. So in our pipeline, we have long acting toxins that extend the duration of activity. There are other toxins that are pursuing this but they're principally pursuing it by raising the dose. And we don't think a high dose toxin is the answer here because there are limitations and how that can be used, in terms of the regions of the face, there are limitations in terms of how much can be injected at a single session. So the patients need to come back for a second session, at least in the clinical trials to treat other regions of the face. That's not necessarily with Botox. So what we think the ideal answer here is a longer acting toxin rather than just a higher dose, toxin. We have programs in our pipeline that will address that need. We have faster acting toxins and shorter acting toxins, it'll be important for segments of the population, particularly for patients who are new to toxins and want to see what the result will be before they commit to long-term use. So we have a wide range of programs in our pipeline that will address the needs that you outlined. Navin FIRST_NAME Great and then a few more pipeline questions for, a lot of interest has been created around the antibody drug conjugate for immunologic indications. Very interesting program as a potential platform value which a lot of people don't necessarily think about when they're thinking about AbbVie. Reminds again, when we're going to get an update on the second generation compound, and what are the differences between the second gen compound and your first gen which was ABBV-3373? FIRST_NAME Severino Well, the next generation compound is the compound that we selected for Phase 2b development that's ABBV-154. And we will be starting a number of Phase 2b studies this year, which will be definitive dose ranging studies that will be Phase III enabling. So we're going to start a rheumatoid arthritis study this quarter, so the study start is imminent. And that will be in a in a biological IR population. So biologic inadequate responder population, because we think those are important data. To set up phase three development, we'll also be starting a Crohn's disease Phase 2 study that would be Phase 3 enabling and a study in an indication that's outside of the Humira footprint, polymyalgia rheumatica, which is a condition for which there are very limited treatments, it causes a lot of suffering for patients who experience it. And the only real effective therapy is steroids and steroids work. But many patients become steroid dependent, can't get the steroid dose down low enough without symptoms recurring. So it really is an ideal opportunity for an agent like this that has a very targeted delivery of that steroid effect. And that study is starting this year as well. There are additional Phase 2 studies that could be started in coming years. But that's the set we've decided on for this first wave. And there's also platform value as you described, that can take us into other indications, by changing the targeting antibody or changing the warhead that could get us into diseases like lupus, scleroderma, and other immunologic diseases that have been very difficult to treat. In terms of the differences between 154 and the first molecule, they primarily relate to the linker technology. So they're very similar from a biology point of view. But there are improvements in the linker technology around 154 that allow us to concentrate it to much higher levels, we get higher concentration formulations, and they also improve the ease of manufacturability. So those improvements could be very important as we look at higher doses. Certainly these indications require higher doses, like inflammatory bowel diseases, and obviously the ability to formulate at high concentration and get into a patient friendly administration platform will be important for Phase III development and commercialization. So it's primarily that linker technology that's different. Navin FIRST_NAME Got it. And then maybe we can bring Jeff back in. Jeff, Vraylar has been grown well, and as done a lot better. I think that people were initially thinking but you have a very big long-term guidance goal of 4 billion just with the current indications. How do you get from here to there? What do you need to put into place from marketing and sales efforts standpoint, to continue to grow that product? Jeff Stewart Vraylar has been in is performing very, very well. I’d say it's a wonderful product. If you think about the feedback that we get from the big prescribers, whether they're the psychiatrists or the big primary care, physicians that treat bipolar mania, bipolar depression, it's quite easy. So it's once a day, it's easy to titrate very light gains in terms of metabolic effects or weight gain and so it's a nice a very, very nice profile that fits in. Now overall, it's a relatively modest share, we have about a 2.5% share. And some of that's been suppressed a little bit, as I commented due to COVID. So really, our ability to double that share is really critical to hit our ambition in the core indication. And we think we can do that, there's things that we're looking at with our sales force designed to provide greater focus over the long range plan with dedicated experts in psychiatry, and also the big primary care physicians. So that's also underway. We continue to hone our ability to reach out to the consumers that may not understand that they are in fact suffering from bipolar depression, they may not have been properly diagnosed. So we have a significant investment strategy underway to help us reach that ambition. And then we also and it's not been worked into our guidance, we're also anticipating and hopeful that we can enter a market that's roughly the same size. This is adjunctive MDD, and we'll know the readout on that shortly. And again, so the ability again, to go to the similar physicians, the similar segments, with two very significant indications, the bipolar depression constellation of indications, and also the injunctive, more serious major depression gives us the confidence that this could be a very significant driver for us over our long range plan. Navin FIRST_NAME Well, that's a good segue. My next question for Mike, which is just on those MDD trials. First thing by shortly, when Jeff said shortly, and the timing, I just want to -- I thought the timing was yearend 2021, year beginning 2022. Is that I want to confirm on that timing. And then also, just with regards to that MDD those trials, just at least based on the data that we've seen, from prior Phase II, and the one, Phase III was somewhat mixed. What is it about these trials that lead you to have confidence in the chance of success? FIRST_NAME Severino I'd be happy to take that question. On the timing, you have the timing right, we'd expect to get the readouts in the back half of this year towards the end of 2021 is our current timing. With respect to the trials, we have one positive study in hand, which is a Phase 2b study, but its large enough and was conducted in a way that makes it pivotal. So of the two ongoing trials, we need at least one of the two, to be positive to submit for the indication. We've gone through the old trials and the old data and we think we have a good understanding of where we've seen an effect and where and why an effect hasn't been noted. First of all, we think they're strong rationale for the target for the mechanism in the adjunctive treatment, a major depressive disorder, particularly because Vraylar is a partial agonist, at the D2 and D3 receptor and also at the serotonin receptor. That's an important feature for molecules that have worked in this indication in the past. And clinically, it exhibits a brightening effect, which we think bodes well for the ability to confer benefit on patients who need additional therapy for major depressive disorder. Ultimately, of course, the studies will answer that question. But when we look through the old trials, we think patient selection features are important. Later line trials, treatment resistant depression trials have been very challenging for a number of agents, we're focused more on adjunctive treatment, a major depressive disorder. Site selection is very important. Making sure you have sites that can rigorously administer the efficacy measures that enroll and appropriate patient population is important and we feel good about those features in the ongoing trials. We've done a review of the aggregate data, so we can't know who's on what therapy at this point, but we can look at the patients who are being enrolled their baseline characteristics and other features. And we feel like we're enrolling the intended population, the right population that demonstrate and effect if one is present. So we're optimistic about the potential for the trials. Now, as Jeff said, we have not built that into our baseline thinking we didn't build it into our deal model. We didn't build it into the guidance that we gave peak sales approaching $4 billion that we can achieve with the current indications, but we do think that there is a very attractive potential upside to the adjunctive MDD indication, and we'll have the answer in the timeframe that we talked about towards back end to this year. Navin FIRST_NAME Neuroscience is a space that you've expanded on dramatically not just with Allergan but some of your internal projects and a space that folks don't necessarily think about, as it relates to AbbVie’s Alzheimer's, but you do have several programs that you're working on, notably anti-tau antibody ABBV. AE12 doing is the number for that one. Lilly actually has anti-tau antibody readout in the second half of this year. Remind us where you are in development with AE1 or AE12. And when do you think we could see potential readout there? Rob FIRST_NAME Certainly, neuroscience is really now a pillar of the company after the integration of Allergan. We have much broader efforts we have seen modifying efforts in Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson's disease and other conditions, as you outlined, we talked about Vraylar. Migraine is also an important component of that. So it really is an important area for us now, we have considerable efforts in Alzheimer’s as well as other neurodegenerative diseases, AE12, is the most advanced of those. It's a pan-tau antibody. So it binds to town blocks, all talent species, there are multiple talent species. It's in Phase 2 development. And that Phase 2 study is near in completion, we would expect to have results that we could communicate over the summer. So we're not very far away at all on that. That's our most advanced program. But we have a number of other programs as well. We have other tau directed programs, as we think tau is a very important target in the biology of Alzheimer’s disease. Those would include antibodies that are specific to what we believe are pathogenic species of tau. So to differentiate from the pan-tau antibodies, that are the current generation they're going through the clinic. We have programs that are aimed at knocking down intracellular aggregates or clearing intracellular aggregates of pathological tau because what tau does is it aggregates within the neuron, we believe it's neurotoxic. So we have mechanisms that are in preclinical development that can actually clear that within the neuron. So we have a whole range of approaches to address tau and we have other approaches to Alzheimer’s disease as well, such as our neuro inflammation programs, which are in Phase 2. So it's a broad set of programs directed at Alzheimer’s. AD12 is the lead the most advanced. And we'll have those clinical data over the course of this summer. Navin FIRST_NAME And then a one program that caught my eye on them because a couple of companies now have similar programs is the ROR γ t for immunologic conditions, and specifically psoriasis. Why are multiple companies going after this? What are you guys seeing? That's interesting about this mechanism? And then how do you think about -- and then as a follow-up question to that is how do you think about go no-go decisions, particularly early stage, Mike, just given that you are developing this for psoriasis? Obviously, you've been part of the dramatic impact to patient’s lives that you're having already, with neuro assets such as SKYRIZI. So you've seen literally stopped development of Risankizumab for psoriasis because they think it's too crowded. So when do you make that decision of, okay, maybe we have -- we've covered psoriasis pretty well, it's starting to get crowded. Versus Okay, we have something very interesting here? FIRST_NAME Severino What we think there's still room for an oral agent in psoriasis that has higher levels of efficacy. I think from the point of view of a biologic, we are essentially at a ceiling for efficacy and benefit risks when you have SKYRIZI with long-term results on endpoints like 90% 100% skin clearance that it has demonstrated with safety profile, and it is demonstrated with the convenient quarterly administration, that goes along with SKYRIZI. It's hard to think about how we can improve on that. So we're not pursuing additional biologics in that space. But we do think there is a room for a small molecule, particularly one with higher efficacy. And that is an area that we're still interested in pursuing. ROR γ t is a target that is important in the differentiation of TH17 cells. TH17 cells produce IL17, which is one of the drivers of psoriasis. And so this is an indirect way to block IL17 action with an oral because it's not technically feasible to make a small molecule antagonist of IL17 small molecule. Cytokine antagonists have been extremely challenging. No one's been able to do that. So it's a way to get it that axis. We think it's particularly important to have a partial agonist here and our agent is a partial agonist. And the reason for that is that there is there's bezel tone in the system that a partial agonist can block but a pure antagonists can't. So we think the right agent does have potential here, it could get to those biologic like levels of efficacy with favorable safety profile. And it's still early with 157, which is ROR γ t agent. But we've seen data that indicate they're having an impact on disease, we're going to move to Phase 2b studies that allow us to determine whether it has the profile that I described the profile we're looking for and if it does, I do think there's an opportunity for an oral in this space. Navin FIRST_NAME I want to read a question from the audience before we run out of time here. A good question and I think is fair, given that there's been some noise by one biosimilars manufacturer Alva-Tech around Humira, their potential approval in September? How are you guys thinking about that? Is there any chance of Alva-Tech launching earlier than 2023? FIRST_NAME Severino Well, we remain very confident in the IP that we have generated around Humira, we think it represents true innovation and many years of investment. This is IP that in many instances has been challenged and upheld multiple times. So we feel very confident in its validity. And that view has not changed. In our view 2023 is the time period for entry of biosimilars into the U.S. market. Navin FIRST_NAME Okay, very good. And then, with the last remaining minutes here, Rob, just for you on expenses for the next several years, how we think about them, just given that you do have a lot going on in the pipeline, you are also investing in several launches, as we speak, maybe just on the SG&A line over the next two to three years given these launches, should we be expecting growth, that is as fast as sales or more along the lines of inflation of maybe 1% or 2%? Rob FIRST_NAME I think whenever we talk about any of the P&L profiles, it's always good to start with operating margin first, and then I can help you understand the dynamics between gross margin R&D and SG&A. We just look at in 2021, worried about approximate 50% operating margin. I would expect that to expand in 2022, largely because of synergies. So he said we can deliver 1.7 billion of expense synergies this year and greater than $2 billion with synergies in 2022. So you would expect to see operating margin expand just because of synergies alone. We also have historically driven expansion through P&L leverage, and the extent of P&L leverage that really depends on how many new products indications are you launching. And so you're right the next couple years, given that we have more than a dozen new products indications, we will be absolutely making sure that we're fully funding those launches. And so that the degree of P&L leverage over the next couple of years won't be as great, let's say as it's been historically, but we will see expansion still because of synergies. And as they think about thing going forward until 2023, we've talked about it pulling back the operating margin profile pulling back because of U.S. Humira LOE, not surprisingly, given the possibility of Humira. That said, we're still going to have a top tier profile. I have historically said, in the 45% range based on our current LRP, it's probably in the 46% 47% range. So that reduction from 22% to 23% about half of it probably will come from gross margin, the other half of the expense lines. But we're absolutely committed to growing the business going forward so we're going to fully invest in R&D fully invest in SG&A, but still have a top tier both gross margin profile and operating margin profile. Navin FIRST_NAME Well, with that we're just about exactly on time and we want to really sincerely thank the management from AbbVie, Mike Severino, Rob FIRST_NAME, and Jeff Stewart for joining us today. Thank you very much for a very interesting conversation. FIRST_NAME Severino Thanks, Navin. Navin FIRST_NAME Take care.