Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Clinical and Business Update Conference Call May 6, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller – Director-Investor Relations FIRST_NAME Noble – Chief Executive officer Rafael Amado – President-Research & Development Ad Rawcliffe – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants FIRST_NAME Chang – SVB Leerink Marc Frahm – Cowen and Company FIRST_NAME Lawson – SunTrust FIRST_NAME Schmidt – Guggenheim Ren FIRST_NAME – FIRST_NAME FIRST_NAME Srikripa Devarakonda – Citigroup Jim Birchenough – Wells Fargo Alec Stranahan – Bank of America Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Adaptimmune Clinical and Business Update. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Juli Miller. You may begin. Juli Miller Hi, good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's webcast during which we will summarize our most recent clinical data and next steps for the company. We will present slides during this webcast, and there is a link to join on the IR tab of our website. The link is also available in the press release we issued at 7:00 a.m. this morning that provides an overview of our clinical update. The slides are available on the IR tab of our website for your reference as well. Earlier this morning, we issued two press releases, one detailing our most recent clinical data and a second providing updated financial information based on our Q1 2019 results. To be clear this morning's webcast will focus on our latest clinical data and the next steps for the company. For additional details regarding our SPEAR T-cell platform, our solid tumor targets, ongoing trials and other background information, I would refer you to our corporate deck from February-March of this year, which is posted on the IR tab of our website. I would like to remind you that our updated SPEAR T-cell nomenclature. Since the beginning of this year, we have referred to our SPEAR T-cells with a prefix ADP for our company name, followed by a reference to the HLA type specific for each SPEAR T-cell, which is currently A2 for all of our trials, and then a reference to the target antigen. So MAGE-A4 is ADP-A2M4, MAGE-A10 is ADP-A2M10 and AFP is ADP-A2AFP. This is outlined on our website for reference as well. I would also like for you – to refer you to the full text of our forward-looking statements provided in our press releases. As a reminder, we anticipate making projections during this call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors. FIRST_NAME Noble, our Chief Executive officer; and Rafael Amado, our President of R&D, are both with me for the prepared webcast, and other members of our management team will be available for Q&A following the presentation. With that, I'll turn the call over to FIRST_NAME Noble. FIRST_NAME? FIRST_NAME Noble Thank you very much everybody, and welcome to our call. I think this is probably the most exciting call we've had to date in our history as a company because we are able to present some really compelling data from projects that – from programs that are wholly-owned by the company. So I must refer you to the disclaimer, of course, and then I'll give you some headlines. We really have compelling data with ADP-A2M4 in synovial sarcoma. It is really very, very exciting to report. We have partial responses in four out of the five sarcoma patients treated with 10 billion cells. And we've actually seen tumor shrinkage in nearly all of the assessed synovial sarcoma patients. That's given us a platform from which we have taken the decision to launch a major study, which Rafael will describe in detail. We call that the SPEARHEAD-1 trial. It will be in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS, myxoid/round cell liposarcoma mix, and we are initiating that as soon as we can in the second half of this year. In fact, behind all of this, we have our aim to launch our first TCR T-cell therapy in 2022, so it's not a million miles away. And we believe that this could be the first T-cell therapy to reach the market in a solid tumor. Turning to other tumors. We have seen tumor shrinkage in other solid tumors with both ADP-A2M4 and ADP-A2M10 and in fact with ADP-A2AFP, our liver cancer program. These are quite substantial. We have seen a 40% reduction in the melanoma patient with A4 and a 28% patient – 28% reduction in a lung patient with A10. So these are really impressive tumor activity reductions. Further behind that, we have been looking forward for some time to our second generation program. And I'm delighted to be able to announce today that we have filed our IND for ADP-A2M4CD8, that is a next-generation SPEAR T-cell. So the IND has been filed, and we hope that, that will be able to transform the currently observed activity in epithelial tumors into durable responses. We'll talk about that obviously later in the presentation. As if all that wasn't enough, we've actually had tremendous progress, strong momentum with our stem cell-derived T-cells in allogeneic – in our allogeneic program. We won't go through that in detail, but we did presented an oral presentation last week at the ASGCT Conference and put out a press release. We've really made very good progress, and I'm pleased to say we're well funded. We're also announcing our quarterly data today, and we ended the first quarter with $168 million in total liquidity, which takes us into the third quarter in 2020, which is beyond key data from most of our programs. I'm going to take you back a bit just to give you the sort of a little bit of history. Not everybody is familiar with the programs, but each of these, A2M10 and A2M4 programs as a dose escalation study, and we reported quite a lot of data. I won't go through it all. At ESMO last year in October, that was the last big update we had. Essentially, each program started with a dose level of 100 million, moved out to 100 billion – sorry to a 1 billion, sorry. And then the third – and those two cohorts were both reported at ESMO last year. Essentially, they showed a good safety program in those first two cohorts and one patient had 27% reduction in tumor with A4. But we concluded at the time that what was needed from all of the data, including our earlier NY-ESO data program, was higher doses and peak persistence, that's the level which the transduced cells achieve in the patient. The peak persistence on those basis were important for tumor control. So it's very exciting to move into our next phases. So what have we done since ESMO in 2018, late 2018? Well, the first thing is that we added synovial sarcoma to the M4 basket trial, which was obviously a key to the data today. We've actually finished the third cohort, that's the 5 billion dose cohort, in which we had one synovial sarcoma patient and we had two other patients, ovarian and esophageal. Beyond the Cohort 3, we then initiated an expansion phase, and that is up to 10 billion cells. And within that, we've recruited 14 further patients, 9 of whom had synovial sarcoma, and you can see 5 patients had each – one each in melanoma, head and neck, ovarian, lung cancer and gastric. So just to give you some headlines on the synovial sarcoma. So taking Cohort 3 and the expansion phase together, we've actually treated 10 patients with synovial sarcoma. We've only got the scans back for 8 of them, and 6 of those 8 showed tumor shrinkage and the one – the patients who were treated with 10 billion cells, 4 out of the 5 had response – have had partial responses, 3 confirmed, 1 unconfirmed. And obviously we hope that will be confirmed when the next scan arrives. In other tumors, we've treated 7 patients. We've scanned 6 to date. Unfortunately, 1 patient expired before the scan, and we've seen tumor shrinkage in melanoma, where we've seen the minus 40%, and ovarian where we saw a minus 9% in terms of the sum of the longest diameters. Moving to A2M10 and the progress since ESMO since that October date, again, we have completed Cohort 3. We got two stable diseases and one progressive disease. We had a safety review, which actually moved the treatment up to 10 billion cells, and actually now we are able to treat with up to 15 billion cells. In the expansion phase, we have treated two patients in the triple tumor study and two patients in the lung cohort. No patient actually received more than six billion cells. In the triple tumor, both patients progressed. But interestingly in the lung cohort, both patients had reduced tumors, one of minus 6%, one of 28% following a second dose, so nearly a partial response in that second patient.  Moving on to ADP-AFP, again we've told people in the past, not at ESMO, but later in the year that we had finished Cohort 1, again, at 100 million cells. We had seen tumor necrosis observed in one patient and decreased serum AFP. We've now dosed our first patient in Cohort 2, we got a transient decrease in serum AFP, and we got tumor shrinkage at the first scan. So obviously the cohort continues to recruit. And behind that, there will be a cohort, as with the other studies, Cohort 3 moving up to five billion cells. So our next steps for the two key programs. We've got two new studies to start as well as continuing our ongoing studies. So first of all, we're going to start with ADP-A2M4, our 60-patient SPEARHEAD-1 study in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS, and the aim is to launch our first TCR T-cell therapy in 2022. This is a significant commercial opportunity for Adaptimmune. To give you some idea of the numbers taking MRCLS and synovial sarcoma together, there are around 2,400 incidents in the United States is around 2,400 patients, and we think the same again in Europe. So that would give you nearly 5,000 patients across that. Of course, we are HLA restricted, which reduces the number by slightly over half. And then of those patients, up to 75% of them present MAGE-A4. So this is quite a substantial commercial opportunity for the company. The next-generation ADP-A2M4, this results in very extensive translational data informing us about how to make our T-cells more potent. We're going to start a SURPASS trial imminently. The IND has been filed. This is our next-generation ADP-A2M4CD8.  We've attached CD8 to CD4 cells, which Rafael will explain later, and that's where the IND has been filed. And then further, we're going to continue the expansion phases for both M4 and M10, and we're also adding a low radiation substudy of ADP-A2M4 at the MD Anderson Cancer Center. So the continuing studies carry on as they are, and we are initiating the SPEARHEAD study, the SURPASS study and the low radiation substudy. And with that introduction, I'd like to pass over to our President of R&D, Rafael Amado. Rafael Amado Thank you, FIRST_NAME. Thank you everybody today for turning into our call. During my remarks, I will review the data with ADP-A2M4, both in sarcoma and non-sarcoma indications, ADP-A2M10 and ADP-A2AFP. We'll discuss our plans for a Phase II trial in sarcoma and the first trial of our first generation product – second generation product. Next slide, so this table is a summary of what FIRST_NAME told you about our sarcoma results. We have treated, as of today, 10 patients. And we have imaging results in all, but two of these patients who actually have been scanned this week. The majority of patients had high to very-high expression of MAGE-A4, except for patient seven, whose tumor had low-to-moderate expression and did not respond to treatment. The majority of these patients received a high dose of transduced cells, except for patient five who received 4.5 billion cells and had stable disease with significant disease reduction. Three patients had partial responses that were confirmed at least four weeks after the first assessment performed at week six. These are patients one to three. And one additional patient, patient number four, has had a partial response and is awaiting confirmatory scan. So four responses, three of which are confirmed out of eight patients assessed to date. Three patients had stable disease as their best overall response and one patient had progressive disease. Of the patients with stable disease, two patients had a decrease in their tumor size: Patient number five, who had a significant decrease to minus 27% for at least three months and is symptomatically improved; and patient number 6, whose week 6 CAT scan showed a 15% decrease in SLD, and we're awaiting further imaging studies. Two patients have had an increase in tumor size, one had stable disease and the other patient had progressive disease as best overall response. The first of those patients is patient number seven, who had relatively low expression. And as I mentioned above, the second patient is patient number eight, who although had a high expression of MAGE-A4, his cells did not grow optimally during culture. The last three patients were treated with an increased dose of cyclophosphamide in the lymphodepletion regimen, and we expect to continue to treat patients with higher conditioning regimen for the remainder of this pilot study, both for sarcoma and other tumor types. All patients received four days of fludarabine at 30 milligrams per meter square per day, with appropriate dose reductions for renal function as needed.  And here we see the waterfall plots and spider plots for all the patients for whom response assessment was available as of the end of April. As mentioned before, the majority of patients had a decrease in tumor size with four patients having had a partial response out of these eight patients.  The spider plots show that all the patients that had an initial reduction in tumor size continued to display disease reduction. Although patient number three has a slight upward inflection at week 12, his disease burden continues to decrease. And as is the case with other patients, his symptoms have significantly improved. Therefore, although the follow-up is short for most of these patients, the data indicates that ADP-A2M4 is highly active in the treatment of refractory patients with synovial sarcoma. The next slide shows the swimmer plots for all 10 patients treated to date ordered by the length of follow-up. As shown before, all the responding patients continue to maintain their response; two patients, who have the disease assessment this week, as I mentioned, and we continue to enroll with synovial sarcoma in this pilot trial as well as with patients with other tumors. The patient with stable disease and relatively low MAGE-A4 expression, patient number 7, had stable disease, became symptomatic with pain and underwent surgical resection and has had disease control for 26 weeks post infusion without any therapy. All of these patients have advanced disease, which is progressing and is essentially incurable. But here we see that the vast majority of patients tumors are shrinking after treatment, which is essentially therapy currently available. Factors that appear to influence response, include cell dose, antigen expression level, and, as shown in the next slide, persistence. We measure persistence of SPEAR T-cells in peripheral blood on multiple time points in all patients. As we saw previously with NY-ESO and has been seen in several CAR-T studies, patients with responses tend to display a highest number of SPEAR T-cells in the peripheral blood, and this numbers remains high over time. We were very pleased to see patients with sustained numbers of over 100,000 copies per microgram of DNA, which we had not seen before, and some of these patients approached almost one million copies. This data indicates that SPEAR T-cells in responding patients increase in numbers post infusion after migrating to the tumor and being exposed to MAGE-A4 tumor antigen, and this is exactly what you would like to see, which is tumor antigen-driven T-cell expansion. In the following slides, we will illustrate a couple of cases where translational studies have aided in understanding the mechanism of antitumor activity, let's start it by ADP-A2M4. These graphs represent killing assays for two of our patients. The graph on the left is from patient three and was performed with SPEAR T-cells isolated not from the blood, but from a malignant pleural effusion four days post infusion. The one on the right is from patient seven, who had, as I mentioned before, best overall response of disease progression. This patient had, as I mentioned, moderately low MAGE-A4 tumor expression. In this case, his SPEAR T-cells were isolated from peripheral blood and not from the tumor site. And these assays, we performed them as follows: Various sources of SPEAR T-cells are exposed to MAGE-A4-positive cells, in this case it's a cell line, and the ability of the T-cells to kill the target is measured by counting the target cells that survive over time. So therefore, an increase in cell survival represents poor killing and poor activity of the T-cell. And this is what you see in the curves that grow, such as in gray; and a flatter curve means that the SPEAR T-cells are highly active.  As you can see in the graph, cells from healthy donor containing ADP-A2M4 are able to kill targets very effectively, and those are shown in lines with the red dots on both graphs. In contrast, cells from a normal donor or a cell selected from the patient sample, which do not contain the TCR, are unable to kill and therefore the cells proliferate, and you can see an upward trend in these curves in the gray lines at the top in both graphs. So patient number three underwent a pleural tap, as I mentioned before, because he became severely short of breath four days post infusion, and a chest x-ray showed massive fluid accumulation in his left lung. The fluid contained many cancer cells and many T-cells, and these T-cells were selected for expression of CD8 and for expression of the TCR MAGE-A4. So therefore, they are CD8-positive SPEAR T-cells, and their ability to kill MAGE-A4-positive T-cell is shown in the blue line. Therefore, these cells have migrated to the tumor and exhibit potent antitumor activity. This is in contrast to the SPEAR T-cells isolated from the blood in patient number seven. Interestingly, although the manufacture product that was infused in this patient was also very effective in killing target cells, as you can see in the line with the orange circles, blood SPEAR T-cells selected from peripheral blood exhibited core killing against MAGE-A4-positive cells. This may be why the patient cells did not expand in the presence of antigen, and why this tumor did not really respond to the infusion. We routinely perform this and other translation assays on patient samples, and these experiments are healthy enough to determine the optimal manufacturing conditions for SPEAR T-cells, and we're applying these learnings to our pilot trial as well as pilot trial as well as to future studies.  This slide shows the baseline and week six scans of patient number one, who had a confirmed response. This is a 53-year-old man, who had a longstanding history of synovial sarcoma, was treated with surgery, radiotherapy and multiple chemotherapy regimens, and developed metastatic disease three years after his initial diagnosis. His tumor expresses MAGE-A4 at very high level, as I showed you in the table, and the patient had a very high disease burden. He received a medium dose of cyclophosphamide and almost 10 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells.  The patient did well post infusion, had Grade 1 cytokine relief syndrome. And his baseline CAT scan, can be shown on the top row, displays very extensive disease in the lung and multiple pleural-based tumor masses. In contrast, the week six scan, which is shown in the bottom, shows dramatically smaller tumor bulk with one very large pleural-based lesion shown in the middle panel, having disappeared at week six. Indeed, this patient had a confirmed response with 86% decrease in the size of his target lesions and significant symptom improvement. The next slide is imaging studies from patient number three. He is a 42-year old man diagnosed at the age of 25, who recently developed metastatic disease. So this highlights the difficult nature of the history of these tumors, which may occur many, many years after the diagnosis. A lot with these patients live in fear that their disease may come back even though they have been in remission for many years. The tumor has moderate expression of MAGE-A4 and he had a very large disease burden, which is obvious in the CAT scan. He received almost 10 billion SPEAR T-cells and tolerated the infusion well except for Grade 2 cytokine release syndrome and cytopenias. This patient was very, very symptomatic with severe short of breath at rest due to massive accumulation of fluid in the pleural space, and we have seen the results of the active SPEAR T-cells in the pleural fluid a couple of slides ago. The patient had very high peak persistence indicating expansion of SPEAR T-cells in the presence of tumor. And here, we see his CAT scan at baseline week-six and week-twelve. He had massive tumor in the lung, particularly in the left lung, which is displacing the midline structures of the chest, including the major blood vessels towards the right and compressing the right lung. You can see the massive compression in the left lower quadrant. And at week-six, the tumor has dramatically decreased in size, and this fact is much more pronounced at week-twelve. Already at week-six, the structures at the center of the chest are in the normal position and the patient's lung has expanded, as you can see, in the middle bottom and he has not required anymore pleural effusions and his shortness of breath has essentially disappeared. Next slide. So based on these clear results, we have designed a Phase II study to explore the efficacy and safety of ADP-A2M4 in patients with both synovial sarcoma and myxoid/round cell liposarcoma. This study will be a single-arm trial performed in approximately 24 centers in North America and Europe. It will include approximately 60 patients dosed. The primary endpoint will be response rate assessed by independent review. We will perform an interim analysis for futility, which will be excluded if three or more patients have confirmed responses among the first 15 patients. Patients will receive lymphodepletion with four days of fludarabine and a high dose of cyclophosphamide, and will qualify for the study if they have tumor that expresses MAGE-A4 at least two plus or three plus in 30% of the cells. Manufacturing of the vector, vector comparability, cell comparability, product stability and many other CMC requirements have already been performed. The protocol has been written and submitted to the FDA IND and through sites, and we anticipate enrolling the first patient in the second half of 2019. Slide 19 will show us ADP-A2M4 in tumors other than synovial sarcoma. For this analysis, we have limited the inclusion to those patients that receive treatment in group three and doing the expansion phase of the pilot trial. As FIRST_NAME mentioned earlier, Cohorts 1 and 2 had already been presented at ESMO last year. And in those groups, there was evidence of antitumor activity in one patient with ovarian cancer with stable disease, who had a 27% decrease in the size of liver metastasis. The Slide 20 shows a summary of antitumor activity observed in non-sarcoma patients in this pilot trial. As you can see, the number of patients that were treated to date outside of the sarcoma group has been relatively small in this high-dose groups, and there are still very few patients of any given tumor type. There is a total of seven patients treated all with disease assessment post baseline. Of this, three patients had stable disease at best overall and three patients had disease progression. However, one of these patients with disease progression has had a significant response on the index lesion in the liver, and the patient's CT scan is shown the next slide. He is a 51-year-old man with metastatic melanoma diagnosed three years ago, who has had a lot of therapies, he had disseminated disease, has received surgery, radiation therapy, checkpoint inhibitors, experimental immunotherapy and others. His tumor was 100% three plus, this was on archival tissue for MAGE-A4 expansion, and he received 10 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells. He did well post infusion with evidence of Grade 1 CRS and cytopenia, and he actually felt markedly better a few weeks post infusion Disease assessment revealed a decrease in the size of the liver lesion of over 20% at week six and a decrease of 40% at week 10 compared to baseline, which is shown in the slide as well as disappearance of a pelvic non-target lesion. However, the patient had the emergence of new lesion, and by RECIST he was declared disease progressor. The patient continues to feel well symptomatically. SPEAR T-cells have been isolated from peripheral blood and show moderate killing activity against target cells. So this is therefore an example of a patient outside of sarcoma with SPEAR T-cells that had traffic to the tumor and exerted clear antitumor activity. Let us now move to the experience with ADP-A2M10. This program has two studies, one in lung cancer and one in three tumors, namely head and neck; bladder, and melanoma. Patients from Cohort 3 and expansion are shown in the table in the next slide. We have treated two patients with non-small cell lung cancer in group three and two patients with head and neck cancer, two patients with bladder cancer and one patient with melanoma in group three and expansion of the triple tumor. Expression of MAGE-A10 is variable reflecting the lower frequency of MAGE-A10-positive patients compared to MAGE-A4. Five patients had stable disease and three patients have had disease progression as their best overall response. Antitumor activity was observed in both lung cancer patients, the first of these patients is patient number one and is shown twice because he received two infusions 15 weeks apart. After the first infusion, he had a maximum decrease in the sum of longest diameter of 25%. And then after the second infusion, he had a CAT scan four weeks later, just recently, and the SLD decrease was 28%. So week four, this patient had a near PR with all target lesions decreasing in size and a change in appearance of the tumor, as you'll see in couple of slides. This slide shows the spider plot of the patients treated in MAGE-A10. One patient with bladder cancer had stable disease for about six months with disease control after an initial increase in tumor size. This patient was clearly progressing prior to coming into the study. As mentioned above, one lung cancer patient, patient number one, had clear evidence of antitumor activity; and the second patient, patient number two, he had a transient decrease in his tumor size, but progressed at week eight and was taken off study. So let's move on to patient number one. Here, the images for this non-small cell lung cancer patient, who in the past had been treated with chemotherapy only, his tumor has very high MAGE-A10 expression, and he also has a very high disease burden with multiple metastatic deposits in the chest and in the lymph nodes. He has received 6 billion cells in the first infusion and 5 billion cells in the second infusion, both preceded by lymphodepletion. During the second infusion, the patient received – or prior to the second infusion, the patient received high dose of cyclophosphamide. As I said before, his tumor first decreased by 23% in the first scan at week four, by 25% at week 14. And four weeks after the second infusion, which was given 16 weeks after the first infusion, the patient has had a further response of 28%. Of note, after the second infusion, the patient developed severe skin rash, which was attributed to graft-versus-host disease and later thought be a skin – or drug reaction. However, the patient was treated with high-dose steroids, which, as you know, are toxic to T lymphocytes, including SPEAR T-cells, and perhaps immune response was dampened by the use of high-dose steroids. These have now been tapered as his skin rashes rapidly resolved, and we're looking forward to further assessment on this patient. Let us now move to our experience with ADP-A2AFP. The TCR arose concerns for its potential to cause liver toxicity because AFP is expressed in normal hepatocytes and many patients with hepatoma had compromised underlying liver function. So the study has proceeded slowly. We've affirmed a series of analysis that led us to conclude that AFP expression in non-tumor liver is very rare. And given that the ability of this TCR is lower than ADP-A2M4 and M10, we have proceeded very cautiously with this program, enrolling patients only with normal or mildly compromised liver function and excluding patients whose normal liver expresses AFP. So we biopsy every patient and exclude patients if the normal liver is positive for AFP under immunohistochemistry. So to date, we have treated three patients and the first two were presented at AACR, and I refer you to that presentation for details. Given that there was no evidence of antitumor activity at 100 million cells with the other TCRs and there was no hepatotoxicity in the first two patients, the Safety Review Committee agreed to advance the study to group two, where patients would receive 1 billion cells, and we have treated one patient in this group, but I'll show you some data on that patient in the next couple of slides. So the first patient in group two was treated with 1.1 billion cells. She is a 55-year-old woman without history of underlying liver disease, who has a massive liver mass diagnosed in June of 2017. She has received a lot of treatments, as you see in the slide, including checkpoint inhibitors, with both CT – anti-CTLA-4, anti-PD-L1, sorafenib which is standard, and experimental therapy with an FGF receptor 4 inhibitor, all without evidence of response. In spite of her large disease burden, the patient actually has a very good performance status but her baseline AFP is massively high at 172,000 international units per mL. She received lymphodepletion and had an uneventful post infusion course with evidence of changes in liver function – without evidence of changes in liver function, which is incredibly important for this program as I mentioned before. And note on day 17, her AFP has a undergone dramatic, but transient drop to about 32,000. And this AFP response kinetics are shown in the slide. As you can see the pace of the disease had been quickening during her experimental treatment but then she had this precipitous drop after dose infusion. This drop was also accompanied by a decrease in the size of her mediastinal lymphadenopathy, which is shown in the next slide. This CAT scan shows baseline at week four, and it shows a very large metastatic lymph node, which is impinging in the great vessels, which appears decreased in size at week four. Other lesions in the mediastinal area appear decreased in size as well. The large liver mass, not shown here, appears to – unchanged in size, displaying very heterogeneous enhancement. So this is the first patient we have treated in group two during the safety phase of this dose escalation study. We're really not looking for responses while we dose escalate. We are very concerned with ensuring that there is no hepatotoxicity, but obviously we look for activity in terms of AFP and imaging studies. And we will continue to enroll up to three patients at 1 billion cells in group two and then we'll commence enrollment in group three at 5 billion cells. Let us now turn to overall safety the SPEAR T-cell program. In general, the treatments have been well tolerated without substantial toxicity. There has been no evidence of cross-reactivity against antigen or peptide outside of the tumor tissue, which is testament to the effectiveness of our thorough safety tissue and molecular screening. Moreover, as I mentioned before, AFP has been deemed safe, most adverse events are related to cytopenias. Cytokine release syndrome has been of low rate in general, with a rate of approximately 39% out of 44 patients. The rate of Grade 3 or 4 was low at 4.5%. We have seen two cases of low-grade encephalopathy manifested by confusion, which resolved spontaneously, and we have seen no cases of seizures or cerebral edema. And we continue to treat patients in the existing pilot trial with high doses of lymphodepletion and SPEAR T-cells. So therefore, although the follow-up is not long, the benefit-risk in – for ADP-A2M4 appears to be very favorable in patients with synovial sarcoma, who have exhausted standard therapy, and a Phase 2 study will be launched soon. And we believe that the second generation vectors may improve upon the benefit-risk observed with the SPEAR T-cells in another indications. We have a very active program to improve the function of SPEAR T-cells. This program is aimed to improve activity of the cells of the tumor site and to address low target expression in some tumors as well as to improve trafficking and to the elicit the spread of antitumor immunity. The first and second generation product to enter the clinic will be ADP-A2M4CD8. And in this cartoon, the strategy is shown as follows. Cancer cells present HLA class IV molecules on the surface and a fragment of an antigen, in this case the MAGE-A4 antigen, is processed and loaded onto the group of this HLA molecule. And this serves as a flag to the SPEAR T-cell, which is introduced into both CD4 and CD8 cells during the manufacturing process. CD8 cells bear the CD8 coreceptor, which stabilizes the interaction between the TCR and the HLA peptide complex, allowing the CD8 cells to get activated and release cytokines and granules that lead to cell death. However, CD4 cells lack this CD8 coreceptor, and therefore are naturally less able to kill target cells. So our second-generation product provides CD8 to the CD4 cells, allowing them to become effective killers of tumor cells. In addition, CD4s can now perform a variety of other functions that amplify the immune response against cancer cells. And this slide illustrates the enhanced killing of ADP-A2M4CD8. The panel on the bottom right shows target cells that are MAGE-A4 positive and are incubated with T-cells that do not bear the MAGE-A4 TCR on the very left. This very first panel shows cell growth that overwhelms the culture. In the second panel, the cells are incubated with our first generation TCR, the one that's currently in the clinic. And you can see that after initial period of growth, the SPEAR T-cells infiltrate the spheroids and control the growth of these tumor cells. The third column, however, shows what happens when the SPEAR T-cells containing ADP-A2M4CD8 are mixed with tumor cells. Now because both CD4 and CD8 cells are able to effectively kill, the cell spheroid is destroyed after initial expansion. This assay does not test the potential advantages of this TCR in terms of providing CD4 help, eliciting antitumor immunity to other access of the immune system, but it shows how killing is enhanced and illustrates that this graft will be more potent cancer killers, and we expect that these results will bear out in our clinical trial. The description of this clinical trial is shown in the slide. This will be, as I said, our first trial and it's named SURPASS. It will enroll approximately 30 patients with the same tumor types, as our current MAGE-A4 pilot trial, and we will have the opportunity to expand cohorts of individual tumor types if a signal arises. The primary endpoint is safety and tolerability and the secondary endpoint will be antitumor activity as measured by response and time-to-event endpoint. We will incorporate a high lymphodepleting regimen and accrue only patients with moderate to high MAGE-A4 expression. We will have three groups, the dose escalation phase will start at a higher dose, 1 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells moving between 1.2 billion to 3 billion to a final Cohort of 3 to 6, and additional patients will be able to be enrolled up to 10 billion cells during the expansion. After a successful pre-IND interaction, the IND was submitted a few weeks ago. We now have vector available for the second generation construct, and we expect to initiate dosing patients this year. We are designing additional translational assays to assess the contribution of CD4 SPEAR T-cells to antitumor activity in the second generation program, including the presence of antigenic spread mediated by CD4 stimulation. Next slide. Our current study remains ongoing. We have developed a substudy of our pilot trial, which I wanted to mention to you. It includes low-dose radiation, and this is due to findings that emerged out of our alliance partner, MD Anderson as well as other investigators, Memorial Sloan Kettering and other centers. These observations essentially have shown that although the mechanism of action is not well understood, T-cells are able to penetrate tumor deposits after low dose radiotherapy to metastatic lesions. This appears to be due to the disruption of the tumor microenvironment, which allows easier traffic, you know, the T-cells into this irradiated metastasis. We have therefore designed a single-institution protocol. The protocol amendment has been reviewed by FDA and it's undergoing final review at MD Anderson Cancer Center. We'll enroll 10 patients with various malignancies, who will receive very low radiotherapy 7 grays per lesion prior to lymphodepletion followed by SPEAR T-cell infusion, and we will measure differential trafficking and response between irradiated and non-irradiated lesions and this may form the basis of future studies. Next slide. We have learned an enormous amount from NY-ESO study, where we treated close to 100 patients, and our own pipeline, where we've treated over 45 patients in terms of clinical results and translation results. And we plan to apply all these learnings to these upcoming studies. We know that the doses and types of preconditioning are very important. We know that gamma-chain cytokines, which are substances that promote the expansion of SPEAR T-cells, increase in the blood with increasing doses of fludarabine, and we have optimized the conditioning dose for best activity. We know that the doses of SPEAR T-cells is also very important, and we now routinely manufacture up to 10 billion cells and beyond in many of our patients. As you saw in our sarcoma experience, the vast majority of patients received about 10 billion cells, and this is now routine in our manufacturing facility. We know that there is variability in the study material, and that this variability depends on patient's underlying disease, patient's age and other prior history, such as prior therapies, but in general, we have been able to isolate SPEAR T-cells from patients with a variety of tumor types. Cell dose alone also not enough. We've learned that cells have to have the right phenotype and to be able to proliferate and retain this proliferative capacity. And in order to do that, we're looking to do some variety of changes in our manufacturing process to maximize efficiency as well as killing with SPEAR T-cells. Eventually, we will have a homogeneous product with our off-the-shelf program, which has been recently presented at ASGCT, and we have a lot of people in research dedicated to this program, which holds great promise. We know that it is essential that SPEAR T-cells traffic to the site of tumor to accept killing, and we have demonstrated this phenomenon with assays, such as digital PCR, which we routinely perform in-house, RNAscope which is also performed in-house, and we have a very high rate of biopsy sample collection, thanks to our great investigational partners. Our two studies, that I just described, the second generation and radiotherapy study, will enhance trafficking to the tumor site by using feeder cells and disrupting the tumor microenvironment. So we hope that this research will continue to inform the best way to improve the benefit-risk of our therapies. And lastly, we have a preclinical program developing TCS against new targets, which are much more commonly expressed and cancer testis antigens, and we hope to update you on these targets in future updates. So our evolving pipeline is currently as follows: A pilot trial with ADP-A2M4 and its radiation substudy will continue throughout the second half of this year, and we hope to report additional results as data matures; we will launch a Phase II study in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS termed SPEARHEAD, as I mentioned before, aiming to a file a BLA and launch in 2022; we will initiate the first second-generation trial with ADP-A2M4, modified to coexpress CD8 alpha, a new product that has required an IND and has been submitted recently. Fortunately, maker for expression is abundant enough that we believe we can have these three trials enrolling at the same time. The two MAGE-A10 trials will continue to enroll until the end of the year to more fully assess the potential of this product after modification, such as high-dose chemotherapy, high-expressing patients and high-fill doses. And lastly, our hepatoma trial is gaining momentum with new centers opened in Europe and the United States, and we expect to finish dose escalation this year. I'd like to thank all the employees of Adaptimmune, especially the CMC and R&D employees, who have made this transformational progress possible. I believe that we are very well on our way to make this TCR-based gene therapy a reality for patients. And with this, I thank you, and I'll pass it on to FIRST_NAME for some final remarks. FIRST_NAME Noble Thanks very much, Rafael, for taking us through, say, comprehensively what is really quite a complicated set of programs in multitude of diseases and several products. So I'm just going to try and bring it together and tell you about what's going to come up in the next period. So if one takes it on Slide 38, looking forward in the second half of this year, we will start that SPEARHEAD study – the SPEARHEAD-1 study that Rafael has just mentioned in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. We'll start the SURPASS study, our first-ever generation-2 program. The radiation substudy will start. But we are still going to get further data from both ADP-A2M10 and ADP-A2M4 trials in the existing cohorts, which we'll continue. By the first half of next year, we should obviously be seeing durability of the sarcoma responses, which will be the next stage in seeing where we are with that program. You should have quite a lot more data we hope on the AFP program by then, and we'll have the safety and response data from the SURPASS study and the SPEARHEAD-1 interim futility, which to just remind you, if we get three responses in the first 15 patients; wouldn't we get three responses, then futility will be – have been passed and we'll carry on with the rest of the study. And then, of course, just to remind you to pick up some of the things that Rafael mentioned, the allogeneic program really is going extremely well. I'd like you all to look at the press release we put out last week and the data there. We've got new targets to go in the clinic and there will be data from multiple programs. So I'd like to summarize by saying what I started with, which is that I'm really excited to be presenting such compelling data with our wholly-owned ADP-A2M4 program in synovial sarcoma to have got partial responses in four out of five patients based – treated with 10 billion cells. It's really remarkable and is very refractory patient population and we are really excited by that. We've seen tumor shrinkage in nearly all of the assessed synovial sarcoma patients. So we really think this is an active molecule and a very horrible, unmet medical need. With that, we're initiating our first-ever major trial, our SPEARHEAD-1 trial, in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. And as Rafael said, that's going to start in the second half. We've seen tumor shrinkage in other solid tumors, including melanoma, lung, ovarian and liver cancer with ADP-A2M4, M10 and AFP. So we're seeing activity across a broad range of tumors, and we already have our next-generation, more potent TCR with an IND file and ready to go with the SURPASS study in the second half of the year, so – and we hope that, that will transform the currently observed activity in epithelial tumors into durable responses. So we're really excited, and we have a real firm aim in our sites to become the first company to launch T-cell therapy in 2022 in solid tumors. So with that, we'll stop the formal part of the proceedings. And Juli, can I invite you to deal with the questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from FIRST_NAME Chang with SVB Leerink. You may proceed. FIRST_NAME Chang Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you talk about why sarcoma seems to be where you are seeing better clinical efficacy versus other tumor types? How much of it is a function of cell dose and other factors, and how much of it is the tumor type? Rafael Amado Hi, FIRST_NAME. It's obviously the critical question that we've been pondering. So we know that TCRs can be active in epithelial tumors. There have been reports from others, as you know, from the NCI and other centers that lung cancer, rectal, breast cancer, these are all highly publicized reports. So that really feels our energy to really crack this to really be able to get TCRs active in epithelial cells. And I think we are on our way to show you with some of the tumor types, such as lung cancer, near response, patient with ovarian cancer, melanoma, it's not an epithelial tumor, but also responses there beyond sarcoma. We think that sarcoma is probably more of an ideal tumor with cancer testis antigens because the target is expressed much more uniformly than it is for these epithelial tumors. It is a conjecture, but it seems to be very now in terms of the number of cells that express the target and the density of target expression being much higher. And that's in contrast with other epithelial tumors, where there's a lot more heterogeneity. So activity against epithelial tumors using CT antigens relies very heavily on high expression or the ability of T-cell to engender a broader antitumor response, such as getting immunity against other antigens. And that's really what inspire us to really move forward with the CD8 alpha program because we think that CD4s are going to be a lot more functional by bearing CD8 and being able to engage, not just tumor cells that express M4, but also antigen present in cells which will amplify the immune response. So obviously dose matters, as we mentioned before, but I think in this case, it may be the antigen itself and heterogeneity of expression. And we have data that we will publish on about differences in heterogeneity between epithelial tumor and mesangial tumors like sarcoma and in terms of the cancer testis antigens. FIRST_NAME Chang Got it. Thanks for the color. Second question. As you plan to initiate additional clinical studies, including SPEARHEAD-1 with 60 patients, can you talk about your current manufacturing capabilities and clinical execution capabilities, and reasons for confidence that you'll be able to conduct the study in a timely manner? FIRST_NAME Noble In case, I'll ask Ad Rawcliffe, our CFO, who is responsible for manufacturing, to talk about capacity, and then Rafael may add some points after. Ad Rawcliffe So, as you know, our Navy Yard facility in Philadelphia is fully up to speed and is able to produce, as we talked about before, 10 patients per month, and we supplement that with our capacity for cell manufacturing with our partner, HCATS, who also have an equivalent capacity. And that is absolutely sufficient and is working very well, and able to produce cells up to the 10 billion dose and beyond, as Rafael and FIRST_NAME talked about. And so that will be sufficient for the current clinical programs. And is also worth noting that the Navy Yard facility can be expanded. We have far less space here, which for a modest investment would enable us to add capacity for commercialization at least for a small indication. It's also worth pointing out that the vector supply is critically important. And here as well we have a jewel sourcing strategy with our in-house facility at Catapult in FIRST_NAMEage in the UK, supplemented by a commercial vector partner, and I am pleased to let everybody know that we have vector sufficient for all of the trials that we are currently running. Rafael Amado So, FIRST_NAME, on the execution side, we've been working on this trial for almost a year assuming that we were going to see this level of activity because this is a more potent TCR than NY-ESO TCR. So we obviously were hoping for these results. And so as it was said, an enormous amount of work that needed to be done on the manufacturing side, we knew about it because we had prepared for a pivotal trial with NY-ESO and had extensive dialogue with FDA and the same in terms of trial design. So this Phase II study has been in the work for quite some time and the same with site engagement. We, for instance, are asking sites to hold some patients for the SPEARHEAD trial and they actually want to treat them right away in the pilot trial because they are pretty impressed with what they are seeing. But as soon as SPEARHEAD opens at their site, they will start enrolling. So our team, many of them were involved in the development of pazopanib, so we know the sarcoma community quite well, obviously, with [indiscernible] NY-ESO trials in sarcoma. And we have now the ability manufacturing as well as execution-wise to the trials in Europe, where there's really high source of patients as the sarcoma communities is pretty well organized in the European continent. So we're very confident that we're going to be able to have access to these patients and deliver this study as planned. FIRST_NAME Chang Thanks. And one more question, if I may. Can you talk about the safety experience associated with higher-dose levels being used? I think you mentioned at one point GvHD with a MAGE-A10 patients, did I hear that correctly? And can you provided any more color on the overall safety experience? Thank you. Rafael Amado Yes. So GvHD in our experience had only been seen in a multiple myeloma study that involved autologous stem cell transplant followed by NY-ESO transduced T-cells. And GvHD is not uncommon in autologous transplant. Obviously, it's much more common in allogeneic transplant, but it can't be seen in autologous transplant. We had not seen it everywhere else, and it was very surprising when this MAGE-A10 patient was diagnosed with GvHD, and the basis of the diagnosis was an extensive eczematous rash. So when we received the assay, we queried it and we've been following the patient asking for additional testing, which included a biopsy, which showed no features consistent with GvHD, but features consistent more with a drug-induced rash. So initially the patient was treated with steroids and then the steroids were quickly tapered. So in essence, there has been no GvHD cases in any of our studies with our proprietary products. Overall, the high-cell dose has not resulted in any changes in safety, the increase in chemotherapy, and we've increased the cyclophosphamide, the fludarabine had been increased already, result in slightly longer neutropenia and deeper neutropenia. We've had one or two patients with febrile neutropenia that have been treated successfully with antibiotics and growth factors and they recovered. So in general, it's been well tolerated, and we expect that it will be well tolerated in sarcoma, especially because patients are younger. So no real change to our patent, most graft-versus-host disease – most CRS events are Grade 1 and 2 and they are manifested monthly by fevers. FIRST_NAME Chang Great. Thanks for taking the question. Operator And our next question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. You may proceed. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the efficacy data. You did mention, Rafael, the two cases of Grade 3 plus CRS, can you talk about who those patients were, the cell numbers they were getting? And then kind of related to that, since you had – obviously, numbers are small, but it seems like maybe there is some enrichment for the top end of the dosing range getting better responses. Is there any plans to maybe push the top end of the range beyond 10 billion in some patients, where you may be able to manufacture 11 billion, 12 billion cells? Rafael Amado Yes. Good question. So the Grade 3 CRS, the first one was absolutely at a very low dose in a patient with lung cancer, who was a very first patient that we treated with lung cancer in MAGE-A10 in the lung cancer study. We're not really sure whether this patient had in the CRS, she was reported as such, but even the investigator agreed that he was confounded – it was a patient that had airway compromised because there's tumor in the neck and they incubated her for mostly for airway protection. However, incubation is – leads to the designation of Grade 4 CRS. She also had fever. She had high IL-4. She received tocilizumab and eventually recovered and was activated. So she may have had a component of CRS, but whether it was Grade 4, I think, is confounded by her underlying disease. The other patient was a patient with sarcoma, who developed fever and transient hypertension, and was treated successfully with tocilizumab. So it's seen occasionally, but identified very quickly in most centers. And in general, we've had almost, I think, universal reversal with the use of anti-IL-6 therapy. In terms of the cell dose, it is true that sometimes we manufacture more than 10 billion cells. And so in this study, the pilot ADP-A2M4, we are up to 10 billion cells the M10 study. We decided to increase up to 15 billion, so that if a patient had more cells manufactured, he or she could receive them, mainly because we had seen no excess toxicity. And in previous studies like with NY-ESO or the NCI, they have given even 10 billion for higher doses. We however think that 10 billion cells is probably a high enough dose. And we are more concerned now with the makeup of the cells rather than the numbers. So we think that these numbers can really be enough to traffic to the tumor even with small tumor deposits and to exert antitumor activity, but we really want younger fitter cells that have specific markers that allow them to proliferate in response to IL-16 and IL-7, which really go way up in these patients after conditioning. So we're not just focused on numbers, but also on functionality. And as I mentioned, we've made some changes that have derived from our process development that will be implemented in our two trials both the SPEARHEAD and SURPASS trials. So we hope that the activity would have been better than what we've seen so far. Marc Frahm Okay. And then on the one case I was – which recorded as GVHD just to be clear on what you're saying about the biopsy. When you say no evidence of GVHD on biopsy that because there were no T-cells in the – present in the skin there. And did you specifically look for your TCR construct in that biopsy? Rafael Amado We – there were hardly any T-cells there. We haven't received a sample yet. This is relatively recent because the patient was treated only four weeks ago. So – but in the pathology, there was – it was clearly not GVHD, and it was clearly diagnosed as drug rash. Marc Frahm Okay. And then the last piece is just with, FIRST_NAME, when you gave those numbers, roughly 2,400 patients in the U.S., and you think about 75% of them having MAGE-A4 kind of expression levels that you're looking for. Can you contrast that with NY-ESO, what you've seen in terms of the expression? And are these all the same patients that would be eligible for both therapies? Or is there some differentiation between the two to their patient populations? FIRST_NAME Noble Yes. So I'd obviously say the same number of people who got sarcoma in total because the 2,400 is before leuko antigen or HLA expression. I think the numbers are probably small, but MAGE-A4 does seem to be very well expressed, probably up to 75% is probably higher than NY-ESO, but because NY-ESO, I think, was over 50% from memory, there must be an overlap of patients. Whether the level of expression is the same, I'd find that more difficult to answer. But what we have found is, you'll see probably slides that Rafael showed. If you look at the scores in the three-plus two-plus column in the synovial sarcoma, you'll see that a lot of them are very, very high with MAGE-A4. And I think that's probably where the difference lies between the two. I mean, if you go down the maximum score you can get is 100 three-plus, which is essentially 300 or something called an H-score. If you look down that slide, which was Slide 11, you'll see just look at – don't ignore the one-plus column and just look at the latter two. Those are all pretty high expresses with the exception of number seven, which as you can see from that was one of the patients didn't respond particularly well. So we think that high level of expression is better with MAGE-A4 than NY-ESO. Marc Frahm Okay. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from FIRST_NAME Lawson with SunTrust. You may proceed. FIRST_NAME Lawson Thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the progress. Just a follow-up. What percentage of the synovial sarcoma patients do you think have kind of high levels of expression of the MAGE-A4? And then as we think about the SPEARHEAD trial, what's the mix of sarcoma – the sarcoma patients versus the MRCLS patients? And if we've seen any evidence of response in the MRCLS patients beyond the NY-ESO experience? Rafael Amado Hi, FIRST_NAME. So the synovial sarcoma MAGE-A4 expression at this higher level is probably 60% to 70% to note very dissimilar from NY-ESO. It is slightly lower for MRCLS, close to 50%. We have not yet treated a patient with MRCLS. We have A4's two patients that are undergoing manufacture and we will treat them this month. So we're eagerly awaiting the outcome of that, but we hope that with – the experience with NY-ESO, if it bears out, we will see activity there. And we have other patients identified that are also going to be treated down the line. So we expect to have prior to the initiation of SPEARHEAD, good experience in both tumor types. FIRST_NAME Lawson Thank you. And then what kind of response rates do you think physicians would like to see to adopt cell therapy in sarcomas? Rafael Amado Well, when we survey in investigator meetings or individually one-on-one, NY-ESO, they said they will go as low as 20% if they are durable. We obviously wouldn't be happy with a number that low. So we said at least one-third of patients with durability of six to nine months. I can tell you that with this result there, everybody that we've talked to their elated, and they say, they haven't seen this depth of responses and symptomatic improvements. And so as I mentioned before, we have a futility with three or more. And given these results, it looks like we clearly will avoid futility. We have retained the futility because, yet, we haven't treated MRCLS patients and we want to be assure that we'll see the same. But I think, at least, ourselves would be happy if the response is at least 30%, but we think that based on what we've seen so far in this pilot trial, it's going to be much higher. FIRST_NAME Lawson Got it. And then if any of the patients seen experimental small molecules or antibodies prior to your T-cell therapy? And how do these patients do? Rafael Amado Some patients have seen immunotherapy in the context of clinical trial. In general, we have seen no difference in their ability to respond to cell therapy in terms of prior history. Almost all of them has had multiple cycles of chemotherapy and radiation because many of them have had disease for a very long time. So – but it's not approved that you know and it's in our routine to administer anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4. However, these are academic tertiary centers, where these trials are conducted. So a good number of our patients had received during the past, but again no influence. FIRST_NAME Lawson Great. Thanks so much. Thanks for taking the questions. Operator And our next question comes from FIRST_NAME Schmidt with Guggenheim. You may proceed. FIRST_NAME Schmidt Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. FIRST_NAME, as you mentioned, it sounds like there are several factors that could influence activity, including the cell number plus the dose basically, but the one thing that you did mention that was important is the target expression density and levels. And I was just wondering, going forward, I think you did mention some changes in some of the cutoffs that you will be using in terms of target expression. Could you just go through that again? And how that might differ from what you have done so far? FIRST_NAME Noble It's an observation, obviously, I don't think these things are actual exact figures, but it's an observation. And I don't know, if you recall with NY-ESO, we did a low-expressive study as the Cohort 2. And it looks as though you're saying the same thing whatever you use. And that's if we go below some threshold, which we roughly reckon to be 30% of the cells in that NY-ESO Cohort 2. If we're right below that, the targeting doesn't really work. So we put a floor into the SPEARHEAD study of… Rafael Amado And so 30%, two-plus, three-plus, the part of it, FIRST_NAME, is based on heterogeneity, but also based on results that come from serial biopsies. So to get into the trial, you have to be positive by archival biopsy. And we've seen that everybody gets a baseline biopsy for correlated trials and – sorry, correlated studies, but we don't stain it for the antigening question until later on as we do multiple assays and it turns out that patients that enter studies whether it would be in MAGE-A10 or MAGE-A4 and had expression that's less than 30% or 20%. When you biopsy then, again, their expression is even lower. So patients with low archival tissue expression tend to have even lower at the time of dosing, and we want to obviously not treat those patients. So it is possible that patients with less than 30% may respond, but the problem is that if it's low to begin with, it's likely that they are going to lose the expression or it will be even lower. And the opposite is pain in patients with high expressions. Those patients tend to retain expression between archival and baseline. And in some cases, it goes up. So that experience is really what led us to put a relatively higher threshold for both trials. FIRST_NAME Noble In fact, you can see the data for yourself if you look at Slides 20 and 23. And if you just take the three lung cancer patients, don't try and draw sort of scientific conclusions. But if you look at the one with a biggest response, the minus 28, that is a 90% three-plus expression. The one who gets the next minus 6% is a 25% three-plus and then one in the A4 study who did – who is actually 0%, didn't move at all either up or down is a 15% one-plus. And those are sort of data we have to work from because there aren't enough patients to – in individual diseases to extrapolate, but that's the sort of information we've been looking at  FIRST_NAME Schmidt And when you look at – you look at a very broad range of tumor type at least in the A4 study. Just generally speaking, are there – which solid tumor type do you think have may be beyond sarcoma? Or are there any correlations? Any tumor types have more antigen expression than others, if there is anything from, I don't know from biomarker data so far? Rafael Amado For MAGE-A4, you can find patients with 100% in any of the tumor types that are included in the study. But in terms of frequency, bladder cancer tends to be high in terms of proportion of patients with at least 30%. The same for melanoma, head and neck and then the rest of them are in the mid-teens, if you will, whereas the previous ones are in the high 20s to low 30s. FIRST_NAME Schmidt Okay. And then just going back to the sort of the commercial opportunity in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. Of the 2,400 patients annual incidents that you mentioned in the U.S., like how should we think about those? Is there a surgery step upfront? I guess, how many those are ineligible for surgery and are actually candidates for systemic treatment? FIRST_NAME Noble So the question was of the 2,400 patients, have – they had. They got other options. And clearly the answer is yes, they have other options, first. Rafael Amado Yes, I mean, all patients with metastatic disease or inoperable disease, they tend to get ifosfamide and doxorubicin or doxorubicin-based chemotherapy. And most of them get high-dose ifosfamide. And it's very toxic lengthy treatment, varied amount of suppressive. And then if they progress, which most of them do, their response rate to that may be about 1/3 of patients. Upon progression then there is a number of products out there, but there are salvage therapies, so some patients get gemcitabine, all their patients get toxins or all their patients go to surgery, but they really – or to experimental therapy, but there really are no established treatments which is why one line of therapy is acceptable regulatory-wise for a study like this. Juli Miller Okay. Next question. Operator And our next question comes from Ren FIRST_NAME with FIRST_NAME FIRST_NAME. You may proceed. Ren FIRST_NAME Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the data as well. Maybe just starting off, Rafael, you mentioned cell doses, I mean, there are variety of changes that you're instituting in the manufacturing facility, and I think you mentioned in response to a previous question that younger fitter cells is one thing that you're going to be focusing on. Can you just provide a little bit more color on how are you identifying those younger fitter cells? I would have normally just assumed that it would be younger patients that you would need to enroll. But – and how does identifying those and implementing these changes in the manufacturing facility impact the overall sort of vein-to-vein time and how long this process is taking? And just as part of that, is there a difference in manufacturing between MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10?  FIRST_NAME Noble Thank you for the question. I think there is no difference between the manufacturing method of MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10 or indeed AFP, they're all made in the same manner. And what we've – there is no difference to the manufacturing time for – there is no increase to the manufacturing time relatively we're talking about. What we've actually discovered is there are various tricks, which I'm afraid we're not going to tell you and the manufacturing process, which of you do, you end up with cells that appear to be much more active. So some cells, say for example, during the manufacturing process, actually to be honest, you can tell by the time they come out of the manufacturing process that they are very unlikely to do very much, and we've now established that which is what that Slide 15 was all about. But when you look at it in patient sometimes, you also end up – if they end up in a particular state at the end of manufacturing, we're pretty clear they're not going to do much in a patient and we've worked out quite a few of the parameters. But I'm afraid they're confidential to us because they're very important. Because as you know, the key – the manufacturing is the product to be like and it's really part of the – part of our know-how. But it doesn't, in any way, doesn't make the process more expensive or difficult or time consuming. It is just a way – it's just some tricks in the way of manufacturing, and it can be applied equally to A10, AFP, A4, would be applied to anything. Rafael Amado I don't know, how much more I can add. But if you look at those killing assays that I have shown on the slide, we've done them many, many times. The redline, which is healthy donor, has always outperformed any other source of cells. And so what we're trying to do is make our manufactured product as close as possible to that product to have the right properties. And the reason why we can do this is because we have our process development team now that can work, identify in high throughput screening what are the parameters that could be modified. And then because we own this facility and can very quickly pivot and make changes, we can implement those changes quite fast. And obviously, we always do them in consultation with the agency and making changes to our IND. So it gives us a much quicker response time to any finding that we observe. So it goes around the manufacturing to the patient, we assess response, we assess corollaries and we come back to the PV lab. And we've been doing this virtually with every patient that we've treated in our three programs. FIRST_NAME Noble With that, we're also – we do spend a great deal of effort, as Rafael said, in process development manufacturing. In fact, the SURPASS study will use a really quite radically different manufacturing method, which we have developed and have been looking at in half quite a long time. We haven't again announced what that is because it's really priority to us. But so we are making quite great strides across all of the manufacturing side actually. Ren FIRST_NAME Got it. And then just moving to efficacy, I guess, both on the synovial and non-sarcoma patients, can you talk a little bit more, since you're seeing more patients, a little bit more on the mechanism of progression? And in the biopsies, are you looking at things like PD-L1 status? And what kind of evidence do you require to really start exploring, let's say, these cells in combination with checkpoints? Or is there some evidence that you've seen so far that really propels you to move forward with the radiation theme or some other type of combination moving forward? Rafael Amado Yes. So in general, we look at certain factors so gamma-chain cytokines that makes cells activate, proliferate and expand. And in tissue, we look at expression of the antigen. The antigen presenting machinery is it intact or is it not. That includes HLA, but many other factors like TAP proteins, interferon, manuals, et cetera. And then we follow by persistence, as I showed you in the slide, and we follow the phenotype of the cells that are persisting. And so antigen expression is critical. As I said before, we see heterogeneity. So – and sometimes a lesion can be 100% 3-plus and then another lesion may be very much lower expresser. Again that is less common in sarcoma than it is you know in the epithelial tumors. Trafficking is important. We have seen trafficking our SPEAR T-cells in some of its tumors, not always, but sometimes, and it depends on the timing of the biopsy as well as the cell dose and the cell type in terms of their phenotype. We had not necessarily seen PD-1 as a mechanism of resistance. So far that hasn't emerged. Deficits in HLA expression hasn't really been a mechanism of resistance that we have identified in the cells to retain HLA expression. Antigen presentation remains in all the basins that was looked.  And so it's really antigen expression and the ability to traffic and the fitness of the cell that we're working. Obviously, these are very broad concepts, and we have double clicked on every one of them and have ideas as to how to tackle each one of those. The first of which is first-generation, but there's going to be others that will come in 2019 as we find out exactly what are the levers that we can push to make cells go through the tumor more effectively, stay in the tumor and get rid of MDSCs, which are myeloid cells, that may suppress the immune response. So these are the factors that we are playing with. It's really a complex that we know that in immunology, may be just modifying a single factor can be enough. I mean, you see that with PD-1 innovation, you see that TNF innovation or CTLA-4 et cetera. So there's a – it's a complex network, but you may modify just a single one and get a dramatic effect. Until that we're keep testing all these findings systematically until we get a good generation of factor that's pretty effective in epithelial tumors. We think we've got it in sarcoma and we're very close in other tumors, and we couldn't do this without our translational work and our collaborators at the site. Ren FIRST_NAME And then I guess, one final question for me. It seems like tumor, the expansion of the T-cell repertoire would be – it's key to not only of obtaining a PR, but then also maintaining it. So are there ways to measure how well this expansion of the T-cell repertoire for new antigens may or may not be occurring and ways to potentially expand of that outside of the TCRs that you're giving? Rafael Amado I mean, there are – obviously, we can measure our TCR, and we can flow toward – and toward a single cell actually. And all these assays whether it's the killing assays or digital TCR can be done with very small numbers of cells, now which is – it's allowed us to do these repeatedly with blood sample. But I think the – an important question is whether we are eliciting immunity against other antigens, and we do these by doing TCR cloning and looking at the data repertoire and looking before and after in terms of the preponderance of new clones to have emerged after treatment. And we do see evidence of epitope spreading in some of our patients. There is more work that we need to do here. But we believe that durable responses are going to have to be accompanied by immunity against antigens other than in this case MAGE-A4 or MAGE-A10, just because of the heterogeneity that I mentioned before is easy for the tumor to escape with antigen negative disease so. And we have seen evidence of that as well. Just the other thing that we've seen is responses after redosing. We have seen that after NY-ESO. So even in some patients that have circulating itself and progress, we've seen several PRs which have a complete response with NY-ESO. And as I mentioned in this lung cancer patient, we've seen a deeper response after infusion. So sometimes it just may be a matter of infusing more cells or cells that have high prolific capacity to increase the response. And as you know, there are many gene therapy studies that are designed with multiple dosing. So there's a variety of strategies, but we believe we have the tools to really understand what kind of immune response we are eliciting not just to the antigen in question but to other tumor antigens from the patient's disease. Ren FIRST_NAME Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Operator And our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Citigroup. You may proceed. Srikripa Devarakonda Hey, guys. This is Srikripa on for Robyn. Thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. I was curious about your next-gen SPEAR T-cells. Now the preclinical data you showed, how confident are you that the improved cytokine release that you see in the coculture could potentially translate into lower CRS rate in the clinic? And sorry, if you've already mentioned this before, but is there any idea that you could get to this – to a comparable level of efficacy as your first-gen with lesser number of cells? Thank you. Rafael Amado Yes. So, the second generation construct, we think it will work through two mechanisms. One, I showed on the slide, which is we are essentially endowing the CD4 cells with a co-receptor to Class 1 TCR. So, normally CD4 cells engage Class 2, and they – these are extracellular peptides. And so for CD4 cells to engage MHC Class 1 with peptide, they can do that without CDA, but they do that in a very labile manner and a – they're off-rated high. And eventually when you measure CD4s long-term, they are very low. So here, what we're doing is allowing CD4 cells to have a co-receptor that makes them stable when they're buying Class 1. And so therefore, our TCR is expressed and stable – steadily bound to MHC Class 1 so CD4 cells can kill. There is no question about that. We've shown that in vitro assays multiple times. So in terms of, could we get fewer cells? Well, if you think that CD4 cells are non-effective killers, essentially now the product will have both CD4 and CD8 cells, where the CD4 cells are able to kill. So, you could imagine that you are essentially doubling the dose, if you will. That's one way to think about it, because the mixture between CD4 and CD8s in our product is 50-50 and sometimes it's actually a little bit skewed in favor of CD4. So we think we're going to give more cells that are able to effect cytotoxicity early on, which is a good thing. And the second thing that we've shown and these are also in the process that we have to see whether that is out in the clinic, it's how – the CD4 cells now interact with antigen presenting itself, which is critical, as I mentioned before, for epitope spreading, and they release cytokines, the APCs release cytokines upon binding CD4 cells that activate CD8 cells. And so both CD8 cells that are – that have TCRs and those that don't have TCRs are going to be more active because of that help that CD4 cells produce. So essentially, what we are doing is amplifying the immune response through two mechanisms. I don't think it's going to have any bearing on diminishing cytokine release syndrome. In fact, it's something that we're going to be watching for, because we're giving more cells that with cytotoxic potential. But as I said before, we effectively have been able to manage or our physicians rather CRS with a prompt use of IL-6 antibodies, and we follow strict algorithms. We're not going to change the cell dose. We are actually starting with a higher dose, and we're going to go up to 10 billion cells. Now if we end up thinking that we don't need that many cells then we may make modifications. But for now, we're designing the study the same way, but we expect that these graphs are going to be more important. Srikripa Devarakonda So, even with these next-gen cells, will you be starting off with 100 million cell dose? Rafael Amado No. Srikripa Devarakonda Okay. Rafael Amado We will start with 1 billion cells, that will be our reference forward. Srikripa Devarakonda Okay, great. Thank you so much. Operator And our next question comes from Jim Birchenough with Wells Fargo. You may proceed. Jim Birchenough Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for all the detail. A couple of questions just may be focused on manufacturing first. Could you remind us of the vein-to-vein time for the MAGE-A4 product? And whether that increases when you go from 1 billion to 10 billion cells? And related to that, could you maybe speak to manufacturing cost and how you would benchmark against CART-T cost that we understand might be in the range of about $150,000? And does that go up as you go from 1 billion to 10 billion cells? FIRST_NAME Noble Yes. So what happens with the 1 billion cell doses that we basically give a fraction of the total number of cells that we make. So the answer is no. There is no substantive difference between the 1 billion and 10 billion cell dose as we execute it. In terms of the vein-to-vein time, we've talked about this before being sort of in the region of 35 days of the target vein-to-vein or target manufacturing time. So, ignoring potentially the time frame at each end when the – particularly, at the back-end when the patient needs to be then scheduled to go to hospital and receive the infusion, 35 days from when we get it to when we send it back is also a current target. That, of course, was defined partially by a 14-day sterility resting, which I think we talked about before we're getting it down to seven days. And so we're working to get that down to something that's more consistent with these turnaround times. The CART-Ts are experiencing, particularly someone like Novartis, who have historically used a very similar process to us. In terms of costs, we have not made that much comments about costs. It's not really that appropriate to do so. Clearly, we're dosing very small numbers of patients. And a lot the costs that you get – the cost benefits that you get come with efficiency and dosing larger numbers of patients. Plus I think that at volume, based on the capacity that we have got, we have no problem thinking about this as a highly profitable product at the end of the day, but we'll not make comments about where we want to get to all where we currently are about with costs. Jim Birchenough And just again on manufacturing, were there any manufacturing stale years? And maybe you could speak to, if there are, does that increase when you go to the higher cell dose? Or is that pretty well rated at all? FIRST_NAME Noble So the cell doses that we've covered are the doses defined in the expansion cohort as 1 billion to 10 billion cells. And we – I think it's right to say that we don't really get manufacturing failures to hit that dose at this point in time. We did have a few historically, if you go back far enough, but recently, particularly with the instruction of our manufacturing process, we don't have manufacturing failures in – if we get into that dose range. Rafael Amado Yes. I mean, an additional comment that I will make is that now if there is going to be a manufacturing failure, we know pretty early in the process. So we have ways to look at the cells that are growing for specific markers, and we can know as early as day four whether or not we need to remanufacture that patient. So we hardly ever lose any time because we start, there will be manufacturing right away. Jim Birchenough And maybe just one final question just on the SPEARHEAD study. Give us a sense for FDA's perspective, if there is an over-bound conference involved or response that they want you to hit? And what point estimate would get you there? And is there a duration of response from the regulatory perspective? You mentioned six to nine months as what positions you might want, is it similar to what FDA's looking for? And then the final part is, is there –I can't agree with something about redosing of patient. Is there a provision in the protocol to redose on progression of antigens were present? Rafael Amado So the answer to the latter question is, no. We have decided to make this study just a single infusion, simply because I believe the primary endpoint cleaner. And so some patients may eventually be redosed, but we've made the decision to discuss the label that we won, which is the single infusion with x number or so. In terms of FDA interactions, we did have interactions within what you saw where we virtually had breakthrough designation. And we had thought and we discussed the boundaries. FDA very rarely agrees with – firmly with boundaries in single-arm trials that they'd indicate that a lower bound of 18% seems reasonable. And if you look at all the salvage therapies out there, they are all low single digits. So, of course, it's a review issue, but we chose a very generous boundary in calculating our sample size with the point estimate of 30% or above.  Jim Birchenough And just finally just in considering and understanding, this could be used earlier, but if it were used as a salvage therapy, do you have a sense of the number of patients that die each year of synovial sarcoma in the U.S.? Rafael Amado I mean, I think these are estimates, but it's in the sort of 500 to 600 range. Jim Birchenough Great. Well, thanks for taking my questions. Operator And we have a follow-up question from Ying Huang of Bank of America. You may proceed. Alec Stranahan Hey guys. This is Alec on for Ying. Congrats on the update and thanks for questions. Since this sounds like you're now getting repeated cell production of greater than 10 billion, it seems logical that the focus will likely shift over the quality of cells. Could you elaborate on what you're thinking is driving the variability and keep persistence since synovial sarcoma given the relatively high antigen expression in different indications? Rafael Amado This is something that is common to the field. So it's not just something that we are seeing. Most of the other companies out there that are manufacturing routinely either for research or for commercial purposes. They have a narrow spectrum of indication. We have to deal with a lot of indications like 11 indications and the prior therapies are very diverse. The age of the patient is again very variable. And so all of those are factors that determine T-cell fitness. How far away from their last treatment the patient was, when they have reasons to place, et cetera So in fact that there are comments out there that for some diseases, some processes don't really work. And so we're happy that we've been able to optimize our process to work with every disease. So just anecdotally, for instance, we weren't sure whether we would be able to make cells for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma, while it turns out that it's one of the most successful histologies in terms of the availability of cells. And it may be because those patients don't get a lot of chemotherapy. So we continue to optimize, as I said before, not just a number but the phenotype of the cells and we're not elaborating today on this. There will be probably the subject of publications or presentations in the future is quite important know-how for us. But suffice to say that we are applying all of these learnings in our clinical trials, and they are facilitated by the ability to move, as I said before, very quickly from process development to CMC changes and from CMC changes to what we see in the clinic and vice versa. So I think we're in a really good position, of course, the process is locked for SPEARHEAD and it's locked for SURPASS, because we're aware of what the regulatory requirements are going to be. But they're actually slightly different processes, as FIRST_NAME mentioned before. Alec Stranahan Okay, great. Thanks. And in the Phase II SPEARHEAD study, you planned to measure a MAGE-A4 expression with a cut-off of 30% expression? Will this be based on archival or serial expression prior to treatment? I mean, is this the same A4 measurement approach as in the Phase I study? Just trying to get a sense of the potential differences in patient characteristics between Phase I and Phase II? Rafael Amado So the answer is the same in immunochemistry assay. It is very specific from MAGE-A4. It doesn't cross with any other MAGE antigen family. The expression is 30%, 2 plus, 3 plus, that was part of the NY-ESO study explore low expressions. We've treated patients lower than this in both our pilot trial and in NY-ESO. And we've seen 30% is the right cut-off based on what we learned with NY-ESO. So yes, we're essentially using the same one in terms of what tissue we're using, we're using the most recent archival tissue that's available. So normally these comes from either initial surgery, but more commonly from the most recent reception because a lot of these patients tend to have a reception of, for instance, pulmonary metastases, which is where the tumor tends to spread the most. So we always ask for the last one and patients that have 30% or above, when we look at their baseline biopsies that we obtain one-time study, they don't tend to change very much. It's only the patients that have 10%, where their expression may disappear in the baseline biopsy and that make us need essentially the antigen is gone or there is just so much heterogeneity that we missed it. So that's why we wanted to start at a high level. Alec Stranahan Okay. And then last question for me. What has been medium follow-up then to responders with synovial sarcoma? And have there been any relapses? And you're measuring ORR in the Phase II, but do you think durability will also be an important factor? And what are you targeting in terms of durability in the first half 2020 update. Thanks. Rafael Amado Well, the ability is always important. It's not necessarily a regular endpoint that you agree with the agency, but they will – they definitely a look at that. We've had experiences in – with NY-ESO and which presented extensively on this where the durability of responses monthly different between cohorts. And so it is important, because obviously we have very transient response may not be – may not represent clinical benefit. Our current follow-up is relatively short. As I said before, we have patients out to 13 weeks-or-so that are maintaining their response and their next scans are coming in pretty soon. But as I said in my remarks, there is no patient that had initially responded, had progressed after the initial response. So in fact, what's a – I think a good sign is that when we do a follow-up scan, the tumor is slightly smaller and the persistence remains high. So this bodes very well for being able to see a more sustained response and definitely will update you in subsequent calls as to the time to event of these and other patients. Juli Miller Thank you, everyone. That concludes the Q&A portion of our call. I would like to thank everyone for tuning in today, and I just want to remind you that our slides are available on the Investor Relations tab of our website as is the replay of this call and webcast. Shortly, there will be a transcript available as well. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to FIRST_NAME Noble for some closing remarks. FIRST_NAME Noble Well, thank you very much, everybody, for taking the time to spend on the call and to ask a lot of very excellent questions. I think today really is a watershed for the company. Biotech companies exist to find medicines that affect patients, I think, we've really got compelling data in synovial sarcoma to get four out of five responses with patients treated to 10 billion cells, is absolutely better than we could of hoped at the start of the year, and to get tumor shrinkage not only in almost all of the synovial sarcoma, but across a series of other diseases really is very exciting. And then to have submitted the Generation 2 with a IND already filed to see if we can improve those into durable responses really is very exciting. I'm pleased that we got quite a lot of questions about manufacturing because we spent a huge amount of effort and time on improving that, and we really do have a robust process even at the 10 billion scale. And as I mentioned rather at the beginning, we've also made exciting progress with the off-the-shelf So I'll leave you with the thought that we remain with an aim to launch our first TCR T-cell therapy in 2022, which will be, we hope, the first in a solid tumor. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.