On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines had a significant shortfall in pilots, and that the airline's response to the pandemic was inadequate.  According to the complaint, American Airlines had to cut approximately 40% of its workforce in order to meet the company's needs.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office, alleges that the airline's pilots were not adequately trained and were not performing as well as they should have been.  The complaint further alleges that the airline's pilots were not trained and were not performing as well as they were supposed to.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges American Airlines with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins the company from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the company to pay a civil penalty of $1,000,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Andrew Didora of the Chicago Regional Office, and the litigation will be handled by Michael Linenberg.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.