The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the period ending June 30, 2021.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officers, James Wall and Douglas Lindsay, recently raised the company's guidance for the second half of the year.  According to the company's website, the company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2020.  The company's net income increased 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's revenue increased 16.3% sequentially.  The company's financial condition has improved significantly since the beginning of the year.  As a result of the investments we made in the business, we are able to pass along a significant amount of the savings to our customers.  As a result of these investments, the company's revenue increased, and the company's profitability increased.  The company's financial condition has improved substantially since the beginning of the year.  The company's profitability has improved significantly since the beginning of the year, and the company is continuing to invest in its core business.  The company's financial condition has improved, and the company is taking steps to improve its financial condition.  The company's stock price has increased, and the company's revenue has increased substantially.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Douglas Lindsay.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investing in a business that is vulnerable to an investment freeze.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investment in a business that is vulnerable to investment freezes.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education today issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investment freezes.  The SEC's Office of Market Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investments in a business that is vulnerable to investment freeze.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of investment freeze.  The SEC's Office of Regulatory Affairs has issued an Investor Alert about investment freezes and other emergency relief.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments.