The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company and its CEO, Douglas Lindsay, today announced that it raised its full-year guidance for the company to 5.5% to 6.5% higher than the prior year quarter.  The company and its CEO, Willie Wall, also announced that they would be raising the company’s full-year guidance for 2019.  The company and its CEO also announced that they would be increasing the number of stores they would open in the second half of the year.  According to the company’s press releases, the company and its CEO have been executing well on their cost reduction initiatives.  The company and its CEO have also raised the company’s guidance for the full year.  The company and its CEO have also announced that they will be raising the company’s dividend.  The company and its CEO have also agreed to pay a $3.9 million penalty in the second half of the year.  The company and its CEO also agreed to pay a $3 million penalty in the third quarter.  The company and its CEO also agreed that the penalty will be $3.9 million.  The company and its CEO have agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The company also agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating the broker-dealer registration provisions of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a $3 million penalty in the second quarter.  The company has also agreed to be permanently enjoined from future securities laws violations.  The company also agreed to be permanently barred from serving as an officer or director of a public company.  The company also agreed to pay a $2 million penalty in the second half of the year, which is subject to court approval.  The company has also agreed to be barred from serving as an officer and director of a public company for five years.  The company and its CEO have also also agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5.  The company has also agreed to be temporarily enjoined from future securities laws violations.  In addition, the company has agreed to be permanently enjoined from