On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, which is the first antibody to treat cancer.  According to the press release, Bamlanivimab is the most potent antibody ever discovered, and it has been used to treat more than 400,000 patients since 2018.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody, called tramlanivimab, which is the most potent antibody currently available.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire tramlanivimab, the first antibody to be used in clinical trials.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $2.6 million in cash and $1.8 million in pre-judgment interest.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay $2.6 million in pre-judgment interest and a $1.8 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Puneet Souda with assistance from Andrew Booth, Chief of the Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert on in this matter.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals. Investors can also use Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to identify people selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov