On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, which is the first antibody that can be used to treat cancer.  According to the release, Bamlanivimab is the most potent antibody ever discovered, and it has been used to treat more than 400,000 patients since 2018.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody, called tramlanivimab.  The company also announced that tramlanivimab has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a third antibody, called tramlanivimab, that will be used together with tramlanivimab in clinical trials to treat cancer.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The company is seeking regulatory approval for tramlanivimab.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against AbCellera.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of potential red flags.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using the free and simple search tool onÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  Investors can also use theÂ SEC'sÂ Investor.govÂ toÂ check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.