The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the period ending June 30, 2021.  The company's CEO, Douglas Lindsay, and co-chief operating officers, Daniel Wall and Douglas Lindsay, recently raised the company's revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second half of the year.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2020.  The company's net lease portfolio size increased 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's revenue per square foot increased by 11.2%.  The company's revenue per square foot increased 11.2% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue per square foot increased 16.2% year-over-year.  The company's net lease portfolio increased 11.2% in the second quarter, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.2%.  The company's financial results for the second half of the year were better than we had anticipated.  The company's revenue per square foot was up 11.2% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 16.2% sequentially.  The company's financial results for the second quarter of the year were better than we had expected.  The company's revenue per square foot is up 16.2% year-over-year, the company's second consecutive quarter of positive same store revenue growth.  The company's financial performance for the second half of the year was also better than we had anticipated.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business, which is a key differentiator from the rest of the market.  The company's continuing to invest in its ecommerce business is important to the company's success.  The company's continuing to invest in the ecommerce business is important to the success of its ecommerce business.  The company's continuing to invest in our ecommerce business is important to the success of our ecommerce business.  The company's continued investment in its ecommerce business is important to the success of the ecommerce business.  The company's continued to invest in its ecommerce business is critical to the success of its ecommerce business.