On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's adjusted net income increased 2.5% and the company's adjusted free cash flow increased 2.5%.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first half of the year was $1.45 per share higher than the prior year's $1.07 per share.  In the second quarter, the company reported record sales of $1.04 billion.  The company's adjusted net income increased 9% and the company's adjusted free cash flow rose 2.5%.  The company's adjusted free cash flow increased 2% in the second quarter.  The company's guidance for the full year is $1.48 per share higher than the prior year and $1.07 per share lower than the prior year.  The company's adjusted free cash flow was $137 million, which is above the prior year's $1.05 per share.  The company's adjusted free cash flow for the full year was $141 million higher than the prior year's $141 million.  The company's adjusted free cash flow is $141 million lower than the prior year's $140 million.  The company's continuing efforts to diversify its business will be aided by the addition of a new line of products.  The company's new line of products, the PowerA line, and the new line of products will be available in the second half of the year.  The company's plans to invest in the PowerA line will be determined by the market.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Christopher McGinnis, Joe Gomes, and Hamed Khorsand of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA and the U.S. Attorney's Office for