On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced the acquisition of DanChem, a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, DanChem is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the demand for high-quality, high-quality products.  The company's Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  According to the company's press release, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be the premier solution provider through best in class safety, quality and customer experience.  The company's Board of Directors also recently approved the acquisition of DanChem, which is a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer.  According to the press release, DanChem is uniquely positioned to capitalize on demand for high-quality, high-quality, high-margin products.  The company's Board of Directors also approved the acquisition of DanChem, which is expected to generate approximately thirty million dollars in net sales with an approximate eighteen percent adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter of this year.  The Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition of DanChem.  The Board of Directors previously approved the purchase of DanChem.  The Board of Directors also approved the purchase of DanChem.  The board of directors previously approved the acquisition.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Ben Rosenzweig, Chris Hutter, and Aaron Tam of the Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Mr. Rosenzweig and Mr. Tam.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool.