Theresa Isom, Managing Director of Investor Relations for American Airlines Group, Inc., a U.S.-based airline, today announced that it has hired a new CFO to help drive the company's growth.  The company announced that it had hired a new CFO to help drive its growth.  According to the company's press release announcing the hiring of the new CFO, Theresa Isom, the company's first female CFO, told investors that the company was poised to return to profitability in the second half of the year.  The company also announced that it had hired a new CFO, Derek Kerr, to help drive the company's growth.  According to the SEC's press release, the company's first female CFO, Theresa Isom, was the first woman to lead a U.S.-based airline.  The company's first woman to lead a U.S. airline, and the company's first woman to lead a global network.  The company's first woman to lead the U.S.-based network, Theresa Isom, was the first to tell investors that the company was going to be able to return to profitability.  The company's second woman to lead a U.S.-based network, and the company's first woman to lead the network.  The company's second woman to lead the network, Theresa Isom, is the first woman to lead the network.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by John Rymas of the Chicago Regional Office, and the case is being supervised by Kelly L. Gibson of the Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.