The Sarah’s Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year 2018 guidance.  The company also announced that it would be raising its full-year 2018 guidance.  According to the company’s investor relations website, the second quarter results were ahead of internal expectations.  The company and its CEO Amanda Lindsay, Steve Olsen, and Kelly Wall, who are senior vice presidents of sales and marketing at the company, told investors that the company was experiencing pressure in the second quarter from lower demand for its products and services.  As a result, the company’s revenue and profitability declined, and the company’s net debt was reduced by over $30 million.  The company also announced that it would cut its net debt by over $30 million.  According to the company’s internal guidance, the company’s net debt to adjusted EBITDA was approximately 10% lower than the prior year quarter.  As a result of these declines, the company’s net debt to EBITDA was down approximately 10% year-over-year.  The company and its CEO Amanda Lindsay are continuing to invest in the business and are optimistic about the long-term prospects of the business.  The company also announced that it will be raising its full-year 2018 adjusted EBITDA guidance.  The company and its CEO also announced that they will be raising the company’s dividend.  The company and its CEO have also announced that they will be raising their share of the company’s dividend.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the company.  The company and its CEO have also agreed to pay civil penalties in the future.  The company and its CEO also agreed to be barred from serving as officers or directors of any public company.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty in the future.  The company also agreed to be barred from serving as an officer or director of a public company for five years.  The company and its CEO have agreed to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $100,000.  The company and its CEO also agreed that they will be barred from serving as officers or directors of public companies.  The company has also agreed to be barred from serving as officers and directors of any public company.  The company and its CEO also agreed, without admitting or denying the allegations, to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of