On June 2, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a biosimilar to treat multiple sclerosis.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that AbbVie failed to disclose that it was acquiring a biosimilar to treat atopic dermatitis.  According to the SEC's complaint, AbbVie failed to disclose that it had acquired a biosimilar to treat atopic dermatitis, and failed to disclose that it was acquiring at least one biosimilar to treat atopic dermatitis. The SEC alleges that AbbVie failed to disclose to the market that it had acquired a biosimilar to treat that disease. The SEC alleges that AbbVie violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AbbVie has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's complaint charges AbbVie with violating Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder. The SEC is seeking a final judgment ordering AbbVie to permanently enjoin it from violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b2-5 thereunder. The SEC is seeking an injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties. The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Natalie Severino, Robert Hahn, and Amy Gwiazda of the Boston Regional Office. The litigation will be led by Natalie Severino. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.