On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year agreement to acquire a second antibody for the treatment of cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, for cancer immunotherapy.  According to the company's press release, Bamlanivimab is the first antibody to be approved in the U.S. for cancer immunotherapy.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody for cancer immunotherapy.  The company announced in January that it had acquired a second antibody for cancer immunotherapy, Bamlanivimab, in a multi-year agreement.  The company also announced in February that it had acquired a third antibody for cancer immunotherapy.  According to the SEC's press release, this antibody is the most potent antibody ever discovered.  The company also announced in January that it had acquired a third antibody for leukemia immunotherapy.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges AbCellera with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AbCellera has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders AbCellera to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Evelyn Hansen and supervised by Sanjay Wadhwa.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.