On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's revenue increased 5% in the second quarter, and its adjusted earnings per share increased 2.5%.  The company's guidance for the full year is $1.48 to $1.59 per share, which is above the prior year's $1.05 per share.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's stock price increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  The company's stock price rose, and the company's revenue increased.  The company's guidance for the full year and the year ahead is $1.48 per share.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The complaint also charges the company with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty against the company.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Christopher McGinnis, Debra Gomes, and Hamed Khorsand of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. McGinnis.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA, the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.