On November 6, 2019, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency court order halting an ongoing litigation action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York on November 6, 2019, alleges that, from at least May 2018 through September 2018, Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV), a California-based e-cigarette company, raised approximately $50 million from approximately 34 and a half million potential smokers in the United States and Europe. According to the SEC's complaint, the company was unable to find a suitable partner for the trial. The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, charges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Achieve Life Sciences has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties. The SEC's complaint charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(e) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act. The complaint also charges the company with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder. The complaint also charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act. The SEC's complaint charges the company with aiding and abetting violations of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5. Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Achieve has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoins it from violating Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, and orders it to pay a civil penalty. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act