On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million for the quarter.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 reflect the impact of the acquisition of Oxford Nanopore Technologies.  As a result of the acquisition, Acacia's net operating loss was $1.6 million in the quarter compared to a loss of $2.8 million a year ago.  The company also announced that it had exercised the remainder of its warrants at $5.25 per share cash exercise price.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violations of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder.  The complaint charges Acacia with violations of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges Acacia with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Acacia has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Brent Reiss, Janney Montgomery, and Janney Montgomery.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov 