On February 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACV).  The SEC's complaint alleges that ACV Auctions failed to deliver on its revenue and margin targets.  According to the complaint, ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue and margin targets.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions did not deliver on its revenue targets.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue targets.  The complaint further alleges that ACV Auctions did not meet its revenue targets.  The complaint alleges that ACV did not deliver on its revenue targets.  As a result, ACV Auctions lost market share in the first half of the year.  The complaint, however, is that ACV Auctions' revenue was up 66% year-over-year and over 80% on a two-year basis.  The complaint, filed in the SEC, alleges that ACV Auctions did not meet these revenue targets.  The complaint alleges that, contrary to what the complaint alleges, ACV Auctions did not achieve its revenue and margin targets.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges ACV Auctions with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders ACV Auctions to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and charges ACV Auctions with violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ACV Auctions has agreed to a permanent injunction, to pay a civil penalty of $50,000, and to pay a civil penalty of $75,000.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Diana Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.