On October 26, 2020, Madison Luciano, Chief Executive Officer of Archer-Barbaras-Midland Company (ADM) and Chief Financial Officer of Gevo, told investors that the company's business was poised to grow at an impressive rate in the third quarter.  The company also announced that it had entered into a long-term agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  According to the company's prepared remarks, these two dry mills will be able to generate double-digit annualized revenue growth.  The company also announced that it would acquire a third dry mill in Brazil.  According to the company's prepared notes, these two dry mills will generate double-digit annualized earnings per share growth.  According to the company's prepared statements, these two dry mills generated double-digit annualized earnings per share growth in the third quarter.  The company's plans for the dry mills are still being evaluated by the market.  The company's plans for the third dry mill are still being evaluated by the market.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against one of the dry mill operators.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Abigail M. Sansone, Chief of the Market Abuse Unit, and the case is being supervised by Jennifer P. Pyszka.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation in this matter.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the dangers of overcharging for fuel ethanol.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investment decisions by using the SEC Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the Investor.gov feature. Investor.gov to find out more about how to invest in this matter.